Chapter: 1

the little ones grow up to be poisonous.  the insistent plodding has no clear purpose.  wave patterns inscribe the average of history.  answers blows across the kitchen table.  frozen stone cools the buttocks.  pink bodies take shelter from the hot light.  the speaker dominates with proximity.  the pink rug cushions a bowl.  the tide leaves a mark.  

Chapter: 2

the borer vandalizes an ash.  justification squeezes the sentence.  trembling fingers readjust the mic.  the children gather flowers for their chemistry.  the crowd's ambient language alters consciousness.  letters shift to the image's background.  red marks the grip.  the door warps outward from top right.  wind catches the bow and spins it.  cool air hides in the shadows.  a stem sockets to the berry.  the watched boil pops.  

Chapter: 3

the time ticks up.  the uniform light of a "gray" day.  the dust bunnies tumble.  water-rich reeds spread bright green in the high sun.  thin cracks display the imperfect joining.  

Chapter: 4

the material good needs to travel.  the rent for inanimates is $10 a day.  the morning light splashes whiter.  burnt-in oils stain the second knuckle.  the song is between planets.  

Chapter: 5

the acknowledgment sweeps over a thousand faces.  the web goes back up again today.  a beard reshapes the face.  the conversation tangentializes into sub-text.  a patch of rot works through the digestion.  its computation lasts the full 20 seconds.  curiosity is the way in.  white shows through the dead patches.  its middle section is the smallest.  this one doesn't sing at the boil.  

the moon flickers through branches.  humidity conspires with the curving lid.  the red berry is flanked by black berries.  

Chapter: 6

the present is sacrificed for a future.  clover dots up the lawn lettuce.  the carcass will not go to waste.  so still as to form the mirror.  breeze smokes around the folded leg.  concrete tubing rests on the motionless barge.  air fills the color of milk.  the lips fuse to their rippled reflection.  lips pull back from the mouth.  the gossamer goes unnoticed.  the photo fades to impressions.  stacked stones hide behind the underbrush.  black shutters loom over the vacancy.  

Chapter: 7

the cracks cover it lengthwise.  pages fill between the red lines.  "dressing" congeals to the expression of a single phenomenon.  the fly's name is midge.  light tinsels the low branches.  spent seeds meet the gravel.  bolts gleam on the transformer.  a lifted arm releases the trapped odor.  the letters channel the spaces between, in, and around them.  the quotation is indented.  the quadruped circles clockwise.  a second tracing solidifies the letters.  more than 57,000 have entered the U.S. this year.  the roost is eradicated with an automatic kick.  stealth proves the best friend of bloodsuckers.  

Chapter: 8

a metal cord slips around the wooden post.  copper touches the tongue.  thin layers lie between the cold and a face.  the reeds lift up their supple spades.  a hammer frees the latch.  the hummingbird applies its pipette.  the baby-long-legs hides in plain sight.  the scale of "everything" changes in an instant.  the photo's angles converge to a bowtie.  fat buddha in jade crowns the computer.  the room thrums to a bass pitch.  the lawn requires a trim.  partitions line the landscape.  the little dog no bigger than a fist.  

Chapter: 9

the tail wriggles as it pisses.  the function suggests virtue.  the key unlocks associated manifestations.  a white one fits the micro.  the muzzle points at a door.  a cone shoots from the fan blades.  tendons click across the arthritic jut.  dirty cotton stuffed in the boot.  "push.extend.block" forms a stiff-arm mnemonic.  

Chapter: 10

saplings grow through the ancient kitchen.  cheese slips between the A and D.  product is ignored for the process.  a swimmer's pulse radiates through the reeds.  dust cover the dirt devil.  the legs get lost in a hammock.  the present slips by unmeasured.  the tongue circles an aureola.  hundreds fall to fill the morning.  the youngest receives all feelings.  the flocks are ruled by algorithms.  oats stick to the hair above a lip.  crows tear holes in the backdrop.  

Chapter: 11

a fingertip pushes the pencil with its dead cells.  the nail's tip was flattened.  wind masks the hum of props.  the ice swims on its melt.  a beetle crawls under the shirt.  the massive chunk is whittled by percentage.  a face floats agains the shadow backdrop.  the page is slippery when dry.  

Chapter: 12

the drinking glasses lack emptiness.  the fly is crushed by a whistle.  rice fogs the single-holed lid.  the planks are stained with melted sugar.  the attitude blends natural with phenomenological.  

the courage presents as bravery.  verdure collects in the runoff.  

knots in the grain blue through whitewash.  the evaluation shreds drift down to basket bottom.  inverse kinematics pertain to the dangling body.  

Chapter: 13

three cups hold the water of one.  mucus browns the aging cloth.  the snake follows its own loops.  scissors cut the wrong end.  the knife falls into a toe point-first.  paint continues to flake from the pillar.  the machine listens to its own soundless speech.  

Chapter: 14

names fade from the social network.  the thunder shambles on its last legs.  an ear edges into the doorway.  pink scab tissue sticks under the nail  judgment traces the line of sentiments.  the thinking is in a different medium.  congealings of green dot the mucus.  the ginger shavings sweat.  sunlight shoots through the fog in radiating columns.  measurement freezes the moment.  the stalks show no sign of berries.  

Chapter: 15

white pieces oppose the black.  oils dry the pen tip.  books are built to scale beyond the human lifespan.  stories tie up in the addenda.  the droplets sizzle into gas.  the clouded windows burn orange.  one shit appears in the corner.  the parakeet bites at the hand that holds it.  the moss has colonies.  fingers induce the gag.  the coaster is on an almanac.  

Chapter: 16

the rusted patches break off into space.  the oar balances squarely on a rounded thigh.  skin distends as the bug is pulled.  a dry glaze of dust cakes the teeth.  the sparrow's confidence grows with desire.  the bowed strut fits an 8-year-old's back.  atoms draw into the torrent of living matter.  the two birds tumble in a whorl.  as one button goes, so the second.  the cheek is flaccid under the lips.  the fins form into fingers.  the kitty plays with leather.  

Chapter: 17

the notebook is flush with dust bunnies.  eggs fatten in the combs.  the locusts offset gypsy moths.  the grasshopper lands in perfect camouflage.  ivory remains legible on the bar.  distant lights fuzz on the window screen.  hair spurts from the metal ring.  the corner is obtuse.  the burner's warmth is constant.  the time-spirit freezes inside a metal shed.  foliage protects the shameful secret.  

the button lights blue when pushed.  

Chapter: 18

heat obscures the acidity.  the argyle casts a double shadow.  waves of immanence break on the beach of a stare.  the string's length is 10^-33 centimeters.  the hiss of constant sussuration becomes ambiance.  an orchestra of fans stirs the pot.  the stumps still try to breathe for years.  rough ash skin scratches the palm.  

fog shapes the sunbeam.  

Chapter: 19

the claw lifts a puff of skin.  the lake is nowhere near.  a mug appends to the off-hand.  an eye closes at the caress.  the book flaps open to Gadamer.  for a moment, there is nothing but the crickets.  a salad of tastes releases from the cracker.  

conditioner sweat erodes the frame paint.  

the flash memory is saturated.  the gull pauses to reorient.  paint deforms in the drink's absence.  apples bubble over the lip of a wicker horn.  twilight comes to the morning.  contorted hair surfs the breeze.  

Chapter: 20

air expands the screen's billow.  a screen breaks the splash into quadrants.  the flowers' eyes betray no threat.  the water pump was built some hundred years ago.  the cherries wedge into light wood crates.  a source drags onto the drop target.  the "phenomenology" is a misuse.  the grass tops ripple in a gust.  the river gently eddies around an impediment.  

Chapter: 21

rustling ceases at the precipice.  a berry sockets to the stem.  "that was easy" is the slogan.  

the fruit flies proliferate.  the worm crests, glistening.  the retina recovers.  hikers reach a neck in the woods.  the strap overflows its velcro.  a cat eyes the jump.  

Chapter: 22

tumbling rot catches the eye.  the branch goes out before up.  the screen turns distant trunks into fences.  the buckthorn's called a predator.  normalcy calms the nerve.  the side effects present at 20 milligrams.  

this sound is the irreproducible collision pattern of electromagnetic particles.  

the puzzle assembles to a portrait.  childhood emblems tassel from the discarded shoulders.  the bottles clink with each step.  

Chapter: 23

no precipitation for the next 120 minutes.  rubber spoils into the tile.  cilantro turns the chutney green.  wind expands its energy in the front tree row.  the round bore encloses the square nut.  a soap bar glides in the groin's groove.  dust settles outside the door's arc.  the staggered sounds clip each other.  the bowels insist.  the darkness smells of wood and aged oil.  

one foot caresses the other.  the thin piss barely smells.  creosote covers the stand-out.  seas pale to green at the shores.  

Chapter: 24

ferns quiver below the roof's edge.  the nostrils seek out a sound.  the measure is how neighbors feel.  a bookcase leans into the room.  

bacteria spills from the opened hand.  the temperature is perfect for fire.  two oceans commingle at the boundary of evaporation.  the crunching sound occurs in a turn.  

Chapter: 25

a bend ribs up the fat lobes.  the bed frame misses a knob.  summer becomes the norm.  the mouth finishes before its sound.  the bed bounces off shins.  the 7 discrete episodes of rain.  a crack appears in the otter shell.  

Chapter: 26

a clutch of white powder dusts the nostril.  the red mug has a cream rim.  the 4-winged dragon is riddled with cyan.  reptilian grooves etched in the pouches under his eyes.  tire treads are in the road.  grief follows the tracking camera.  The ends are woven from horse hair.  

burnt oats musk the throat's chamber.  a beach digests the new sand.  one bow clings to the breakage.  

slippers expose the heel.  

Chapter: 27

misaligned corners were cut from the same block.  the avatar consumes a bobble head.  a chip in the mug sends spinal shivers.   the crow rips into solace.  the dog sighs on its side.  

Chapter: 28

letters print white on the greenish glass.  dismembered trees burn upon the brazier.  the stink overwhelms an inlet.  a finger hugs the pen.  

water exits in bubbles from the base.  the distinction between drop and crash was meaningless.  a brown leaf lies 10 feet from the green one.  the leaves betray no notion of August.  a golden blanket waves over the pebbles.  pressure builds in the colon.  the asymmetry intensifies with age.  black death makes the stir fry spicy.  

Chapter: 29

the varicose vein provides topography.  the sole outlet is carved above eye-level.  a haze browns the dusty leaflet.  the face of a waterfall freezes.  the leetzees fuse to a light bulb.  the pull chain ends in an ivory teardrop.  police watch the mental image of a man.  the boulders become decoration.  with enforced distance, the details become threatening.  pain sharpens in the eyebrow follicle.  

Chapter: 30

deer-skin clashes with the wool.  the body makes no bones.  the crying child begins to breathe.  the burnt lovers burn again.  it built a bed in the trees.  its rust-skinned basin pokes above the sprouts.  a leather handle disappears into the iron clasp.  

Chapter: 31

the bullets tear through a forty.  

the dry baby smells of snow.  at 150 milligrams the medication causes anorgasmia.  the expansion and contraction proves too much.  the hair parts on the right.  the paper figures beat each other without bruises.  each bite removes a line from the sonnet.  the liquid lowers to unveil a nose's reflection.  the clock has hands on its face.  

Chapter: 32

the beer obscures its brand.  inverted amber cones line the bartop.  fresh cut grass fills the nostrils.  the oils wash up into lather.  cramps condition the effusiveness.  

Chapter: 33

the beard swoops to the right.  the grackles ebb from source to source.  the pen scratches become noise.  the adapter remains sealed in pungent plastic.  wicks await the wax.  

Chapter: 34

the average energy is equal in every part.  the high RPM wail recedes down highways.  nerves in the crotch have been dulled.  the plural was a neologism.  ants queue on the rusty arm.  crust covers the back windshield.  the found poem writes itself.  the periphery is all the difference of motion.  the custom juice is peachy.  the insects struggle to cross a sopping roof tile.  the color peaks.  

Chapter: 35

a black face fronts the vicious stinger.  the cut's initial sensation is cold.  a pistil trembles at the passage.  rice fuses to the bottom.  the rope strikes out on its own.  the waving bush cannot mask its information.  absence of the apple tree marks attention.  until the nipples fade from perception.  some clods of dirt rise above the others.  

Chapter: 36

a story ignores the moments.  

the shapes emerge in abstract relief.  the page arranges dynamically.  a faucet maroons the rice crust.  the messages fail with a code.  the singer plunges to its knees.  the mouth cradles custard.  a wood pile pokes through the white blanket.  contact waits at the finish line.  the temperature changes in an instant.  

the evening's too hot with parasites.  

Chapter: 37

glass curvature provides the only distortion.  a birdhouse rests fallow inside the screened porch.  the magnet snaps onto space.  

loud sounds maks the quiet in time.  smoke streams from the chimney's mouth.  the lighter green lies in sun.  the first thought was always rawest.  the chimneys wear sloping hats.  wrists shape the fish maraca.  neurotransmitters re-up in the wash of medication.  background vaults disappear behind the foreground chimney.  tow paths appear in the autumn circuitry.  a fork spears the tiny testicle of its heart.  molds and mildews collide on the the dark epic.  interactions leave the stomach sick.  the mic's perforations provide perception.  

the brand requires three white stripes.  the hairs twist together to form one unit.  the games have no frontiers.  purple fish line the horizon.  

the sigh curves through a cup. 

a bed folds into the frame.  the sense reactivate in deprivation.  

the red means going.  

Chapter: 38

the notes form a chorus.  an itch initializes the blowing.  the box of ginger snaps is empty.  a zipper winds the full girth.  

Chapter: 39

"Tu whoo" is the name for pigeon.  the low bookcase neighbors a tiny chair.  a moth slaps itself against the lampshade.  the sound of birds and waves interlace.  dice fall on the green silk.  the hours pass.  sunlight distributes itself across the clouds.  dandruff clouds sparkle in the afternoon light.  the set of all trees is a tree.  the passages are a constant carnival.  coconut overwhelms the watermelon.  

Chapter: 40

the fly rubs its forelegs on an arm hair.  a mood drinks from the cup of sex.  a bead of blood poses as the thermometer's well.  pebbles deflect off the rough wall.  

Chapter: 41

word images decay in the reproductions.  disorder clings to the screen.  a butterfly vanishes in the heather.  the slices fold in wet cloth.  

the lengths are determined by readability.  the dark pages are white.  the surface is bare of adornments.  

pools soak into the sand.  

Chapter: 42

skin puckers about the wound.  the voices and leaves rustle beneath windows.  the dead leaves recycle.  

the sky aches with tender tissue.  a gunshot sends the filed into hysteria.  the cold world is inside a warm room.  utterances pierce the veil.  air brushes the crag of a knuckle.  case #04461992 applies to the forgotten.  

Chapter: 43

the blade smacks on ice.  the engine hisses to an idle.  each color fuses at the difference edge.  the decorative part opens at its end.  a crack runs through beam.  above the hole towers a shiny yellow excavator.  the fur is on the fence.  

Chapter: 44

faint cloudy rings measure the volume of a sip.  a thread pops from the button's aperture.  the view shifts mortal perspective.  the light switch kills a room.  

sour milk dribbles down the soul patch.  the flotillas sink beneath sight's penetration.  the time curves, too.  

Chapter: 45

the margins clarify.  death snuffs the knowing.  ammonia rises from the silt.  

these clouds issue from the mouth.  the june bugs float like black ping pong balls.  the grass grays in low sun and dew.  the water approaches silently a low ridge of coarse sand.  the crickets correct to a constant wave.  a muzzle tastes the breeze.  wood stirring the wood bounces.  a cane divots the porcelain.  the extraction leaves a square of torn skin.  

Chapter: 46

a logistic curve swerves to crack its limit.  a pad slips the braces.  articles tip the scales.  the arrow of summer pushes a pro-growth agenda.  the whole is missing aboutness.  waves fail at the stone's crest.  an exclamation halts in the first phoneme.  back and forth go the bird calls.  

Chapter: 47

the nippled tanks leak strawberry.  each slice is cut to fit the cracker.  the stomach, then, begins to consume itself.  the darkness transforms into terror.  drink ring knots dot the ceiling.  light sticks in the black fur.  wind plays with the red and yellow.  

wet sand rises between the dry toes.  the shadow frames a triangle.  the rocks are invisible until struck.  detonations overlap to form the lunar chaos.  2 needle-wide depressions flank the keyhole.  a finger fidgets the pomegranate's scar.  

Chapter: 48

a muzzled sigh releases into the grass.  purple stain from the forceful pick.  

ammonia lingers in the aerosol.  the shavings fall on blank tissues.  the mourner's gallery shakes its head.  fingers tip the stetson.  

Chapter: 49

the coils self-clean.  shavings collect at the drain's lip.  grips install the curtains.  the sandal flips lightly from the toe.  a sandal flattens the grass.  the "sachi" denotes "friend".  one tablet towers over the rest.  pale blue paint on the white porch ceiling.  the leaves have forgotten it is summer.  ink slops at the curve of a vowel.  hair collects in the broken seal.  

Chapter: 50

the tears first appear as glaze.  the hours are spent in a single chair.  the bite-mark fades to indistinct color.  the equilibrium is delayed.  carnivores breed on the freshwater beaches.  the heron leaves no trace on liquid canvas.  brown patches pop through the green.  

Chapter: 51

red is where the hand goes.  fingernails scratch open the new roll.  no things adhere to the idea.  

snap of one key hitting the roller.  the weather waxes warm enough for bees.  pus leaks to the surface.  

sun as a peasant in the gravitational bureaucracy.  "insistence" marks the bowels.  the corner is raised off its foundation.  fog fills the headlamp cone with gelatinous filaments.  the bottle opens with familiar kiss.  the sandal's strap floats free.  eyes turn aside with the head.  a sunbeam frames the vapor filaments.  

Chapter: 52

one hides in the shadow of a vertical side.  a tongue pastes rotini to the palate.  dust settles on the Lysol.  the memory has a canvas.  the tissue hardens into a spear.  the ball of a foot finds bag.  

Chapter: 53

the gold glows in the rearview.  red iron burns the grease.  hair swerves to make an oval of the face.  value without ideology is like weather without the day.  hinges hold against the battery.  the wind plies through placid bands.  the loose thread imitates a mosquito.  a milky egg in the tree's knot.  the knife slices tubes.  a crease is a track in the Trakl.  

the mascot brands an icon.  momentum builds at the bottom of a page.  crickets poke the tender skin of a headache.  the bidders sit on stone benches.  the cracks bleed amber sap.  a mosquito flattens into the cotton.  the fat slaps canvas.  cracks appear in the aging argument.  

the greeting contributes to a use pattern.  water writes indecipherable script on the pale arms.  a drifting sun uniformly gilds the river.  

Chapter: 54

strips of newspaper go under the logs.  grass drifts to the end of its tether.  the hole provides a list of fascinations.  the island separates from its backdrop.  the words smack of industrial machinery.  fingers repeat the motion for each.  burn before the storm.  the towel fits in the fanny pack.  a vertical stick indicates the presence of ditches.  the garlic smell persists through a cleansing.  

sun's rise signals the lamp's twilight.  

Chapter: 55

the dying star approaches infinite density.  the book is under a table.  the dew is gone.  beams ignore the subtle gravity.  the joy is a residue.  shells brown by the hinge.  

the mother strains to buoy its exhausted calf.  

Chapter: 56

bottle clusters bespeak the lifestyle.  capsules float down the water trail.   the tub levels with a bevel.  

the center of the universe is fiction.  what is left from the box would not fit.  the juice smokes in translucent greens.  the morning flames out.  

Chapter: 57

plastic peels from below the jack.  goldenrod proliferates in the pasture.  a thumb riffles through the cards.  a camera kills the movement.  a door resists the recoil.  the elephants recollect.  one hex of the chicken wire rusts.  paint chips scatter from the heel.  the robin finds a denuded extremity.  blue gum sticks to the last supper.  the edition is manifest.  the markings serve no evolutionary function.  the curtain swells to a maternity dress.  toes spread in the sleeping bag.  anger passes through the countryside.  the sponge leaves a swatch of moisture.  the virtual ant tastes its own ID.  

Chapter: 58

colors shift above the surface.  a leech scabs the crook.  globes glow above the still pond.  the breeze leaves a skin of cold.  discs shudder as they carve the air.  the shadows dervish over a human face.  the body comes in 3 distinct sections.  immense shadows cross the highway.  the rain splatters through a western window.  

Chapter: 59

the glass is filled third-way.  the bird calls dominate a still morning.  

relief lingers on the edge of a cinch.  the last push exposed its head.  a massive frame grooves the wood.  a wet thumb clears the errant lipstick.  sakes looks whitewashed against the rosemary.  clouds roil through the living room.  wood fragments dust the black metal.  a chosen path makes up half the difference.  

the laundry chute is sealed.  

Chapter: 60

haze blues the distant peaks.  the sun's still resting on an apple tree.  its black face dots the translucent green.  the movement of stones is imperceptible.  the balance shifts.  moisture is the air's prescription.  the hair bifurcates on a razor's edge.  

Chapter: 61

the real names are obscured.  the cotton beads at a hem.  arms lift a toddler for the floats.  the jam shows a forest of red lights.  

a sparrow picks through the coast of dried cones.  each cascading block frames the cheese.  

experience gives way to the learning.  the pipes groan into function.  a bright moon outshines the stars.  the understanding is nowhere to be found.  

Chapter: 62

bright clouds ride the horizon.  effluence dries on the eyelash.  clouds underline the processes of darkness.  tiny dots die in the forest of thin hair.  it lives apart from the spells in Vienna.  the stick is only partially hidden in cloverleaf.  

Chapter: 63

a forearm buttresses the act of urination.  the cord lies lifeless.  bird song coalesces into the leaves' rustle.  the dirty-cloth cloud lumbers.  the pants leg smells of repellant.  cold touches the exposed digits.  a zipper exposes the headstock.  Washington points the bayonet 15 degrees off normal.  an addition goes above the kitchen.  the protein is arranged for a carbon orchestra.  

Chapter: 64

the story bits dribble out for effect.  men wear shorts to the knee.  needle clusters cling to the foam.  the dots bounce on wiry legs.  knuckles rub circles on the orbital ridge.  the puddles sends up steam.  the mouths break open, white and red.  sugar sticks in the crevasses.  splashing concentrates the light.  the ant is lost without its pheromone wisdom.  symbiotes crawl the cliff-face of a petal.  the roof protects.  hands reel the hose in.  the "make it" serves for euphemism.  a word dangles from the cord of its definition.  

Chapter: 65

the chin hair comes in mostly gray.  digital ministrations compress the tobacco.  75 milligrams send the cat into a coma.  the swatter curls up like a spade.  the detective has skin in this game.  the smell of baking sweet potato comforts a kitchen.  the rot is donated to new order.  walls turn the voices into music.  the wolf cries dim in significance.  the burner's heat clings to burgundy.  the dog is allowed.  the lake open, bounded by trees.  

Chapter: 66

the distance threatens to sever connection.  the cheese congeals in a glutinous whorl.  fog flags down the sight line.  a shattered chip dusts into the shag.  moisture beads on the glossy leaf.  skin peels above the rust.  a piston sparks the plasma.  a knob dents the dry wall.  the drum language is at once formulaic and fluid.  grey tufts waver on the black flasks.  

ribs caress the soft tissues.  

Chapter: 67

all the wildflowers in book form.  a hole evolves at the base of a barn door.  the stove was named "wonder".  the individual is shuttered from a lone ant sacrifice.  creepers choke the underbrush of sky.  

pulse length determines the digit.  the novel is new.  the tail wiggles as she tinkles.  

Chapter: 68

ocular devices probe the russian doll of particles.  the licks compete with rain.  the scratches form a pattern.  a case wedges under the pillow.  enough atoms fold to the moon.  the white plumes from a poaching yoke.  the ear's trowel quivers.  

the blood blackens extremities.  a stain layer peels near the edges.  the functionality is unownable.  the spattered blue star indicates connection.  

Chapter: 69

pinstripes break on the bunching.  the suds surf minor disturbance.  the voices interrupt.  one pixel dies in the lower left quadrant.  

Chapter: 70

the muscles were micro-managed.  time reads zero on the clock.  a bullet's blur is faster than the frames.  a stove takes the inductive skillet.  the soap bar dwindles to a sliver.  the peanut shells make its sawdust.  buzzing irritates the tender drum.  

Chapter: 71

the nail protrudes pictureless.  

the caterpillar liquefies in sleep.  turning ninety degrees, the world transforms.  absence makes the heart pump stronger.  paintings disappear in the sealed box.  a hair spans all three levels of the toilet lid.  the voices obscure their origins in echo.  the body arranges a concavity.  the view shows Vermont.  a tank points up the center.  a mop-head smothers the clay pellets.  

Chapter: 72

the claws freeze in mid clutch.  the ram's nostrils flap with challenge.  

the prospect of typing umbrellas a scrawl.  the odor of rye expands from fingers.  grasses gesture to swallow the bushes whole.  the hypo worries ravaged skin.  braces sustain the joining.  systems use the elements to become.  the japanese doll reads "don't touch me".  the banana slips into a kangaroo pouch.  

Chapter: 73

the "yes" precedes a slamming door.  skin sheds its scent in the bath.  paws converge beyond the nose.  reverberation slows the degradation.  the anchors spin it clockwise.  the clouds hide behind their uniformity.  the little things have a count.  the tank burbles and leaks.  

Chapter: 74

menthol burns the sinuses.  metal spikes jut above the roof.  the flat body begins to bulge with blood.  blood dampens the wool.  the thoughts move in and out of coherence forever.  the smoker lifts its head in a haze.  the muzzle dips into short grass.  

Chapter: 75

eyes catch the difference.  the snow knows nothing.  a storm rearranges the carcasses.  the insects wander into cover.  the red is faster.  the bass can be felt by skin.  fear trumps the itch.  the colors remain long after death.  the killing blow falls from a pen cap.  the process punctuates with a save.  through a window, the difficulty is erased.  the surrounding unseen sends up sonic messages.  intestines massage the gas.  

Chapter: 76

tags abstract the product.  numbers show through the porous cloth.  the anticipation lampoons pleasure.  a vent sits one foot up the brickface.  three bubbles huddle on the black surface.  gray stones are the dry ones.  a breathing meditation parallels the threat scan.  blood stain edges conform to the fibers.  one worm squirming under the colored pins.  the names remain hidden.  

Chapter: 77

coronas appear in the squint.  the icon indicates steam.  dead wait under the demon porch.  the dark side separates from its depth.  leaves form a tie in the crossing stalks.  the metal contorts in an s-curve.  a christian college glows on the lampshade.  the hard drive is ransomed.  the throat strains its breath.  

the repellant smells synthetic.  traces of apple smell surprise the air.  eyes close for the internal maths.  the lizards squat for an afternoon laze.  

Chapter: 78

the cotton's stains are dust and coffee.  the fin beats carve craters.  this time the wind is a motor.  the snow sparkles.  

a moth fixes to the crosshatch.  the clock hands freeze at evens.  the condensation closes like a fist.  the entire momentum generates nothing.  the path is littered with bodies.  barely enough dirt covers the blood.  feces stimulates the sensitive tissue.  the fungus grows over their mouths.  

Chapter: 79

the tartan thermos fits into its sheathe.  the ink abstract lies beneath glaze.  the blade of grass is one of millions.  the interest builds towards boredom.  the plug fits a different whole.  the device hides behind a table leg.  heat modulates the light.  the beetle drags its bleeding body.  the two drops comprise a serving.  the retching catches drily.  

Chapter: 80

the legs hang useless in flight.  the stalk destroys history to grow a bulb.  greased runners smooth the transition.  

a chart arranges the mushrooms in a wreath.  illusions of invasion pock the night.  the book ends however far it gets.  a clip rests in the thumb's crook.  the book crests through an alternate present.  rain makes a sea of the land.  the thoughts lurch forward, unutterable.  

thoughts wash away on the breath's tide.  the smell of cut grass precedes a visitor.  weather-stained police tape flaps in the wind.  

Chapter: 81

the sentence ends at freedom.  the apprehension of silence reaches through time.  the deeper stink of scat and rotting meat.  

the whisper devolves to pushed air.  the cannon shell obliterates conversation.  blisters feed off the chafe.  little indication begins where the avocado ends.  skin oil refuses the ink.  there's a grill on the back of the tablet.  the momentum feeds on itself.  pressure change pops the drum.  the "u" is indistinguishable.  

some vistas are clearer than the others.  the flickering green light is named internet.  

Chapter: 82

the bass is sotto voce.  a second pass solidifies the referent.  the waterbugs skim on flat bellies.  the manta ray is a faucet.  the crackers are dry and gummy.  

a gentle voice issues from the crooked mouth.  a five-pointed star is cut in the shutter.  

Chapter: 83

the sentence repeats in a mind.  the ponytail give him away.  moss grows between the weather-beaten roof tiles.  the foxgloves grow in a rocky scree.  the jolt of adrenaline follows misapprehension.  their noses sniff the dollars.  fever lingers over the damp smell of dirty wood.  the hunters move to flank.  heads compete for the food bowl.  

Chapter: 84

droplets festoon from the coat.  the shell collapses in effluvium.  the sweat stains fold into greater density.  scalp wedges under the fingernails.  this Iliad is for the boys and girls.  rust grows on the dumbwaiter door.  the rules preclude persistence of its integrity.  the moose wades to drink.  the panelists self-assemble.  

Chapter: 85

a hummingbird taunts the blossom.  a mirror swivels on the horizontal.  self-conscious madness may hold the key.  the surface curves to be depressed by angular force.  pink fish on the horizon.  

the cloud womb casts a somber light.  the fibers writhe like slashed blood vessels.  air squats redolent with the smell of wet wool.  except for letters, the cover is full gold.  the catalogs freeze a moment.  details bear the shame away.  the learned now automatic.  vents whine above the cheap chairs.  the minute hand covers our hands.  the stingers now work their way in and out.  

Chapter: 86

a hammer falls in the morning.  a palace smokes in the god rays.  a depression is left in the flowers.  the incorrect answers gray out.  the particles pop in and out of existence.  the water shreds, rolling.   a treatment liquifies the stool.  cool cloth feels wet to the touch.  the corpse simulates animation in wind.  the speach urges laughter, contemplation and tears.  the variations gline from every repetition.  the absolute sense of normal makes it intolerant.  a twin-prop passes through the sun.  mind ceases to trust the brain.  

Chapter: 87

the technique of appropriation was stolen.  one of the dregs is a ladybug.  a cool breeze marks the shift.  the plastic ends fray in lacing repetition.  the response hiccups at large volumes.  carcasses make their slow way to the shelter of a corner.  the dragonfly reappears six-feet below.  bright orange cooks to the yam's hue.  steam tumbles above the bedframe.  

Chapter: 88

the diploma yellows in its frame.  detritus clings to the puckered membrane.  

the shutter sports a sliver of moon.  "nutmeg" plays the door with "troof".  sunlight sizzles on the wavelets.  

ball-topped pins hold the skin-tent in place.  the magician is a mystifier.  the right side is missing shadows.  a needle chisels at the scab.  tongue peeling from the palate conveys acknowledgement.  

Chapter: 89

the shin of a rocking chair kneels on a carcass.  cold climbs through the socks.  

reverberations of the calm remain audible.  one eye merges the island with its backdrop.  

suns melt in the horizon's river.  the beams bend around branches.  

one plug ends orthogonally to the cord.  the key is right there.  the branches are dusted with granulated sugar.  breath pushes the words.  the branches' gestures are indecipherable.  heat blares from the processor.  a row falls to compensate for the removal.  

Chapter: 90

the hornets hover face to face.  the deer fly alights on an eyebrow.  a glass of milk increments the suicide.  the highlighter jerks to a stop.  a sign reads "Think Different" beside denuded steel trunks.  the envelope becomes a coaster.  the choice between them is illusory.  an atomizer adds to the fog.  

Chapter: 91

coils rouge under the kettle.  vibration arrests the insect advance.  the two wheels differ.  the top panes see no moisture.  gray moves aside for the partly cloudy.  B1 bombers adorn the t-shirt.  glare distracts the eyes with new surfaces.  salt foils the leech.  a tag peels off the bell.  a head tilt erases the blood moon.  

Chapter: 92

the comb grows from a single chamber.  a random lattice of leaf poverty deepens the lines.  will's force cinches the exhale.  waves lapping conjure the mouth's image.  "yeeaw" say the intestines.  the sign reads "private".  dehumidifiers jack into the vent system.  dimes slip into the pocket.  initials overlay the coffin photo.  each month has its own animal.  the recognition types sixty words per minute.  one flake of dead skin rises above the crater.  

Chapter: 93

the red prowls through a thicket.  a button calls the ambulance.  the grammar forms in large molecules.  the conditions steal from history.  

the nonsense retains intelligent texture.  the systems convert fat to heat.  bright colors crown each day of the summer.  plastic caves in the heat.  a stretch engages the ache.  some of the lawn lights are electric.  hard corners bite the dry wall.  

Chapter: 94

numbness recedes in the forging of new roads.  only the violence makes a mark.  raspberries bloody the towel.  a straw blade tumbles over the paragraphs.  rising heat nudges the curtain's string.  the chair grinds to full unfoldment.  the stones suffer lichen.  flesh reddens belows the surface.  fat raindrops play organ on the roof tiles.  stiff hairs poke the upper lip.  the boots dry on a magazine ad.  a hawk approaches from the rear.  

Chapter: 95

grapes atrophy in the colander.  the burner glows rich orange.  foundation goes over the adam's apple.  groans accompany the expulsion.  sparks disperse about the mean of a sunbeam.  the jet fuel trail is blue's sole disturbance.  the display gives two fucks about anyone.  the black-faced thieves abscond with silver.  

the dog barks at washed-out presences.  a bare foundation still holds the damp.  coffee filters pile up in the compost.  

Chapter: 96

multiple fibers converge in the plastic cone.  a gull is stranded in the wind.  the beams bathe it to brown.  pupils scope to vertical slits in the blinding light.  pimples form in the eyebrow.  a lower passage obscures the black gradient.  

the cat finds no satisfaction there.  the corners show signs of painting error.  cracks radiate from the hinge plate.  the lines break on syllabic principle.  the missives find it easier to attack.  the tossed wad rims out.  

Chapter: 97

maple syrup dribbles down the neck.  dust never makes the crack.  sunbeams run the gauntlet.  longer pulls mark the twilight of the atomizer.  Cintas are the uniform people.  pain migrates to the right.  the bud's exposition is met with impassivity.  

Chapter: 98

a joke ages on the tongue.  the wings rest in an aerodynamic "V".  the shopping list frays at its folds.  urine bubbles in the bowl.  droplets shrink from the edges.  red hair falls on the white shoulder.  others are now the only dangerous predator.  the fallen birch imitates a giant swan.  6 rubs regain the ink.  "otherwise less than more than the capful."  

the gravitons suggest a path.  a tale of redemption from the best-selling author.  

Chapter: 99

the sound of a vacuum is like being pressed to a wall.  the etiquette goes a long way.  its neck in permanent bow, for a reading of the grass.  the door chimes announce a visiting breeze.  grackles rape the blueberry bush.  

Chapter: 100

feelings attach to the pieces of a view.  the fundament proves musical.  the muffin's ridge provides a fingerhold.  mist waxes the panes.  one swatch of sunlight silhouettes the doorstop.  toes topple the wicker.  a paddle leans against the sparkling rock.  skin scares at the cold touch.  

Chapter: 101

weather boiled down to the barest skeleton.  the pitchered hill pours into a pond.  the resistance is measured in ohms.  the crossed out "the" count rises to six hundred.  light reddens across the two pages.  the pen balances in a paper tube.  

Chapter: 102

the choppers move in inorganic coats.  

a well-coiffed bulldog dresses for the mug's sunday.  bad news arrives in the p.m.  a tree root backs up the plumbing.  the coffee achieves ambient temperature.  the smell of smoldering peat fills vacant awareness.  the electric virus of rumor spreads.  remains make continents on the cup's bottom.  thin rubber diamonds row the soles of socks.  static crackles around the lightbulb.  dead skin scales the lower legs.  

Chapter: 103

applause rains down with the rain.  the bruise appears from minor contact.  some of them avoid the dew.  angry vacuums doppler through the rooms.  the shadow overwrites its counterpart.  

blindness is the answer.  

the hours embody their narrative.  the evacuation leaves it balanced.  the coals stand out like scales.  

Chapter: 104

suds stick to the upper glass.  light strains against the lingering vapor.  the next one will arrive from eye left.  reddish fibers in places, shiny bluish surfaces in the others.  the universe is procedurally generated.  winter, the dulling effect of removal.  the server fails security.  the kerotene head precedes a yellow tail.  it is a race to the top.  warm flow brings awareness of the drooping digit.  

Chapter: 105

the blood pressure hits "anxious".  the one stock is transformed into another.  the clock slowly churns out an hour.  the card is adorned with impossible architecture.  the boughs bend under masses of purple martins.  the owl chirrs on a gable.  hacking produces the green phlegm.  a palm warms the fur.  the plastic flowers die for years.  enfeeble works its wonders in the circle.  the "m" decays into "in".  

Chapter: 106

fresh water fans at the delta.  the minute idea passes into oblivion.  dust glints above the backlit page.  

the birds rise by four thirty.  buttons whack against the drier's walls.a closed door policy traps the cool air in.  

Chapter: 107

one paragraph follows the previous.  blurred screen detritus blots the snow vision.  the dog curls into a lifeboat.  the angle is perfect for drawing blood.  the prospectus precedes a forum.  the belly swells with pups.  pain radiates from the abdomenal pocket.  digitized voices rip at the eardrums.  the "scab" was a bloodsucker.  the secretions petrify to a jagged nugget.  paws knead the plastic.  the twenty-twelve still burns.  

Chapter: 108

the rust salamander freezes in dead leaves.  coffee obliterates the pomegranate.  the split shows pale yellow against the green.  

the energy is irrepressible.  a cold touch reaches the bone.  the eyelid caresses its ball.  molasses-black oozes from the puncture.  

Chapter: 109

the brown rice is named Carolina.  sunlight parcels out the shadows.  the face hangs over a chest.  the view survives a blink.  fog cools against the mirror.  invulnerability follows the flash.  the wing mechanism separates from a body.  

whiter light spills from the higher sun.  sunlight glances off the beak.  the cause was determined congenital heart failure.  the spiders seem to hover in a fly cloud.  snow breaks at the gutter line.  the rules-there-are evaporate.  a spider attacks the buttocks.  one hair on the crest a sink bowl.  the senses compress by one dimension.  

Chapter: 110

one tree comes out the color of golden delicious.  a colon separates the numbers.  grapes overwhelm the pointless fence.  a flower bookmark for the book of flowers.  the cooks agree in sadness.  the actor takes on mass murder.  still air surrounds the gloss.  the nymph piggybacks on a nymph.  its mouth emits the anti-coagulant.  the glue forms a ligament.  wind stirs the lessons.  math finds the limits of all smallness.  the bow points towards a dark phase.  clippings collect at the writing spot.  

Chapter: 111

the architect arranges information.  the plug fits a different hole.  new lives hatch within the fern bed.  its process admits crosshatch in the curse.  lushness marks the arbitrary graves.  rye is the first to be sown.  

the evaporation leaves odors.  a tongue catches on the end of a claw.  a crust forms over the sinuses.  a spire crowns the tree line.  the taste sensors are tiny stalks.  wedged above cupboards, the "Go" ball deforms.  

Chapter: 112

the web-line glints at indeterminate distance.  bow ties unfurl over the wall lamp.  the workers lay down new material.  

a blowing leaf bonds loosely to the grass.  half of the sun dips below a porch roof.  an extra vowel triggers the red underline.  the rooms have separate climates.  mirages dance in the road bumps.  

Chapter: 113

wisps of curry aroma penetrate the room.  the timing of crests eschews a box.  

the top strands spread in irregular geometry.  the planet's sweep is undaunted by ephemerality.  stasis kills the desire for energy.  bootprints cut the sand.  the coat drapes like drying tobacco.  the bags are full of ecological goodies.  green mustard mines with creamy oil.  the bulb swells to fill a room.  the motion converts to heat.  the middle line has seven syllables.  a worm drops onto the black futon.  the men of action appear in white togas.  

Chapter: 114

bodies wink out in the power surge.  the limits are unknown.  five mouths tube to the bottle.  the face gets lost in a poncho.  crushed oranges sink to the bottom.  rose hips redden along the stone dykes.  wave frequency explodes in the distance.  cirrus converge toward the focus.  

Chapter: 115

an olive rolls in the adulterated oil.  the tractor buzz dominates a neighborhood.  a rotten node passes through the intestines.  

smoke burrows out the fissure.  daubed sunlight on the cornice.  

the plastic bottle crackles with a squeeze.  one grain catches the light.  the momentum breeds hope.  fresh lettuce green rises above the vague purple.  momentary sunlight blesses the moment.  stains persist through the washing.  the particular shows greater reach.  the mosquito is early.  the ivory knob corresponds to a steel peg.  the transition between vowel sounds requires a soft consonant.  a reverberation trembles the pool water.  grape leaves twist on the picture frame.  

Chapter: 116

the gates hold.  the rye washes down warm.  here come the late-night strollers with stars on their foreheads.  the capitol requires a personality.  taste dulls in the repetition.  sophistication intimidates the chalk atmosphere.  a batter renews upon the rack.  museum of the particular present.  hard wood defies the pressure of old joints.  a sigh rolls down the hallway.  

the distant lake struggles are imperceptible.  

violence precedes the cool.  the top drawer bulges forward.  a shorn blade lies yellow against the green lawn.  stemless tissue flutters from the roll.  the ladybug mutely awaits its own murder.  the bolts slide in.  

Chapter: 117

vision is repelled by surfaces.  ambience rises in the absence.  the basement ceiling rises above the ground.  the scab lifts under the nail.  roots pull moisture up through the pores.  portrait gum sticks to the print.  

Chapter: 118

the popped bubble leaves its outline.  a spider builds castles in the sink.  oxidizing cotton burns the throat.  the face crumbles under mass approval.  the nest enthrones an egg.  the barns are missing bats.  

Chapter: 119

a mind is the medium.  the surprise fades.  filaments blindly reach for the grip.  the dark shapes disappear into branches.  vapor rises from the wet stones.  austrian mixes with the korean.  teeth tear out the creamy kernels.  cracks appear in the oils.  

Chapter: 120

the "m" has three humps.  the asthmatic breath bristles through filaments.  a rotating piece of metal blocks the stream at regular intervals.  the sessions stack in colored boxes.  a distant doppler blurs beyond the trees.  canines fidget with the moustache.  the shadow devolves to sharp angles.  they spray the books for bugs.  

Chapter: 121

the bug is a divot.  a heron keeps low to the surface.  sight wanders far from the eye.  the energy fades to regret.  hundreds roll through the fingers.  pools wait for the return.  the affinity group fills with followers.  a daybug traverses the topography of a foot callus.  a shoulder separates from the socket.  rust on the missing bumper.  a weighted pocket pulls it over the hip.  the flame rips into nothingness.  discomfort sinks lower into the bowels.  hum precedes the landing.  

Chapter: 122

a season includes the birds.  the lack of flaws destroys distinction.  shoes on gravel send up the alarm.  the waist lands on hips.  the horse beats "on" to "thank you".  the web's foundations are indecipherable.  

Chapter: 123

the complexity springs from odors.  the evening's cocoon has a morning rupture.  a scuff lies below the hook.  

the rain gives shape to the wind.  dead skin showers from the eye-brow.  the mind crosses state lines.  four large boxes teeter on the dolly.  

Chapter: 124

a stone crushes the goldenrod blossoms.  fish-bone clouds flake the sky.  paint obscures the metal's texture.  

the rubber surfaces are damp.  the Dell is just a name.  mint settles to the bottle bottom.  the eastern horizon glows yellow at window edges.  the dead-eyed portrait keeps watch.  ploughs rip at the potholes.  languages blend together above the roof tops.  the bodies float awkwardly without intention.  the compositions shows a group of beggars.  

Chapter: 125

tomorrow is perpetually the last full day.  the eraser still works.  blue sound approaches as the red sound leaves.  dried sponge ribs crack at the edges.  the balance of agency tips towards predestination.  rays pulse through the matter.  

the blunt-nosed needle soaks in glycerin.  drugs slip the mask from anxiety.  its neck warps along the edge of a cup.  

Chapter: 126

bats feast on the sleeping cattle.  a brief window is the era of life.  the page proves lossless storage.  the wire tube is painted white.  children respect the signage.  the coffee droplets form a stellar map.  soldiers crawl on the dead husk.  a torn root wounds the soil.  spacial metaphors suffuse the verbal habit.  the paws form a wide base.  the frame shows a cat through a doorframe in a window frame.  ripples break up the boat.  

Chapter: 127

the morning rises burnt orange.  

fluorescents streak the roof.  many of the choruses remain.  the caterpillar swings down like a pendulum.  insects swirl like rain on the surface.  caffeine jabbers through the bloodstream.  filaments twist in the bulb's corridors.  a rake riffles through the footsteps.  the overflow wraps.  pepper sullies the wet surface.  a housefly sizzles past the ear.  

the wave laps add removal.  past perfection points at the present.  sand sticks in the stabilizers.  

Chapter: 128

the plaintive moans of walled-off conversation.  a paw centers in the lasso.  elms drop offerings to the deck.  the meat is stuffed inside its scabbard.  

japanese cloth flattens in the frames.  cracks appear beneath the milk's facade.  the wave's brief silver mirrors.  the collection's images are individually prosaic.  a corner gouges the paint.  a knot comes blue through the white paint.  

Chapter: 129

the hinge breaks out in creaking.  an outage resets the clocks.  a turning of the neck transforms expression.  the bits scatter in electric wind.  

pain of withholding dwarfs the pain of release.  the sentences are arranged in records.  there are no letters on the balloon.  prismatic spectacles aid the supine.  a cat finds plastic spaces in the sun.  

Chapter: 130

the bouncing draws contours in a sonic photograph.  red dots electrify the sauce.  soap molds to the hand.  the inhale pulls a covered wagon of cloud.  the mushroom floats from west to east.  the coffee stain is an "it".  razors rip threads from the sole.  a foot finds comfort on the trunk.  the nail worries a sore.  

Chapter: 131

the stents slide through a perforation.  the back of a wooden doll's head leans against the pane.  a seed glides to the grass tip.  rubber nodes stick to the marble.  

the middle toe wrinkles like a carrot.  pain penetrates the knee in long, stabbing needles.  the anemone death is not counted.  

Chapter: 132

in the door's silence lies important information.  small moths spoil the drink.  the fencing leans spike-down.  the trees' shifting imitates voices.  the can is a register.  the perception of a stump turns ugly.  clover flowers rise from the mown grass.  

oxygen density limits the size of insects.  

the bunnies tumble to a corner.  liquid gurgles on the inhale.  the phrase continues to repeat, without voice, without hearing.  a head tilt brings out the blue.  feminine and masculine join at the fuse.  

Chapter: 133

the aroma of catastrophe lingers downtown.  its diaphanous wings cover one wrinkle on the finger.  

the timer ticks down from 15.  the approaching darkness is unevenly distributed.  full bleed means to the edge.  death comes gently to the insect.  the bowels burble.  a frog forms the Buddha link.  bang goes the stopwatch.  the latest invention serves as a metaphor.  

Chapter: 134

mist transcends the dew.  one eye stares back from the mirror.  the voice requires a pre-amp.  fibrous stalks lean against smooth blue ceramic.  the name is its occupation.  the cracked bell announces its readiness.  the plumbing moans with constant flow.  

Chapter: 135

the panic provokes a bubble.  branches critique the tricks of light.  3 "x/14/14"s appear in the journal.  the tile dissolves to foundation.  the dragonfly darts to a hover.  exultation from across the playing field.  consonance punctuates the vowels.  plaques exists between the morning shadows.  a jacket pulls the straps to.  the dream remnants detach from dream rationality.  bruises break through the paint.  

Chapter: 136

the alarm's screech is truncated.  the tree's locks gain bronze highlight.  the apples fall up.  the notebook is college ruled.  the frozen currency shatters.  the fish pose as stones.  blue veins slope over the muscle.  salt peppers the windshield.  the tiny universe holds ideas of itself.  the basin is empty of ships.  past rights highlight wrongs of the present.  the two ribbons were cut from a piece.  the phantom tickle rises again.  the perfect machine was where to move to eat.  the urine marks a boundary.  ions break off in the spinning bowl.  

the toenails curl to conform.  chiggers burrow at the belt line.  

Chapter: 137

one curled leaf is alone on the lawn.  a machine gurgles its way through the inital stage.  

a call starts the connection.  startled, the chipmunk freezes.  the one's amphetamine is poison to another.  clocks run off the atom's emanations.  the throat dries and throbs.  the shadows are short.  

bold ones cruise in near the shore.  the laughter hisses through a missing tooth.  the error rate increases over time.  the bats return from fungal extinction.  the socks appear to hand.  the rain comes steadily now.  

Chapter: 138

a prong angles to fit the whole.  beer steams above the tub.  the eyes gloss in indecision.  an earbud clangs against the metal wastebasket.  a beetle carcass rolls from the duvet.  the razor cuts circles into glass.  pill bugs swarm the rot.  

the rate of change slows in heavy atmosphere.  the sparkling gull plume signals for miles.  the eyes are pushed to one side.  it steeps until mint overtakes the fruit.  tassels twist before the blinds.  The Monet is a calendar.  discarded clothes obey the rules of optics.  

Chapter: 139

each side of a sign equates to the other.  proximity sets off the light.  the green darkens to brown with depth.  the force resists to slow time.  

the heavily veined leaves are half-filled with water.  all the probabilities are realized.  the finger traces a cautious texture.  a tank sticks to the pocket.  

a flock's swerve fills the whole field of view.  the page dissolves a thought.  

Chapter: 140

without attention, the noumenal dominates.  leaves bronze at the periphery.  the mild angles worsen.  

the millions are described this way.  the fahrenheit side fades to indecipherable.  weightless flies wave in the twilight breeze.  the cage doors open simultaneously.  "River" embodies the traffic.  distant focus doubles the near lines.  the sand's noumenal moments are over.  feet are missing the thumb claw.  desiccated trunks blend into the rocks.  

the loon bobs.  the smiling sun says good night.  the whole day is lost.  grammar contains the image's algorithm.  

Chapter: 141

leaves paint shrouds in the wet cement.  

blood pools in the lower body.  the counting protracts time.  no trees grow where the trees are.  sand grinds into the plastic button.  the fahrenheit side has faded almost to nothingness.  reflections glitter beneath the submerged ladder.  pigment flakes from the stone.  smoke piles up in the covered bottle.  

panting shakes the whole frame.  the consciousness intends immortality.  peanuts ballet in the oscillating neon.  the 62 lines begin with "I".  

Chapter: 142

the beloved paws at her cage.  the curtain shocks a book.  parts are taken fro the whole.  there are fresh blueberries in the milk.  the unevenness creates depth.  

Chapter: 143

grass finally covers the bulldozed earth.  the wax droplet freezes in mid-dispersion.  hands wring the beer bottles.  the sun sets above a sitting quadropod.  

liquid spills onto the colored ads.  child hands tear open the steaming buns.  pain brings rouge to the face.  dyspepsia impedes the healing process.  the autocomplete ensures no two are the same.  robots smash up against the login.  the screen goes black over orange idle.  thick phlegm jellies in the sink.  fingers fidget on the elastic.  

Chapter: 144

understanding comes after the doing.  dark shows through the enamel patch.  changes rattle the architecture.  the coffee is as thick as tea.  blue stickum ruins the print.  the hind-quarters go in first.  the sandwich illuminates all subsequent choices.  the nose sniffs another's scat.  theory misses the praxis.  

Chapter: 145

weather murmurs throughout the house.  the same song was heard in infancy.  after fourteen years, everything else becomes simple.  liters of oil squeeze from the ancient olive.  chuckling over the english bilabials.  morning opens the particulars.  the fields are on both sides.  the yes reflects a crisis in curiosity.  the moisture escapes from eye to cheek.  bath towels preside over the morning vomit.  

rust forms on the capped pipes.  the only difference lies in emotion.  

paper goes out with the printers.  the tablet is not in a lap.  

Chapter: 146

the endpoints fail in strong wind.  the leaves wattle in woodpecker imitations.  the jeep is named Polaris.  bubbles squeak up the syringe.  the minute hand labors up a side.  saliva spreads in the standing water.  a quantity tips the scale of returns.  the new retina gleams like a camera lens.  the tender tingle hints at effluence.  a knob strips the grooves.  the local crickets or distant wind swell.  rats are the bracelet's atomic particle.  the paper is paper-thin.  

Chapter: 147

fifteen panes make the lattice.  a smile precedes the feeling.  

the rate multiplies by time.  a scalpel exfoliates the vein.  tire tracks through the field.  a spider sprints around the edge.  "barnacle" hits home in the throat.  refrigerators extend the reach of planning.  some green still clings to the desolate gray.  

Chapter: 148

suede laces fit through the suede holes.  white poms line the drape.  its boundaries dissolve with the movements.  borders of the pod are formed in slime.  wind blows the heather from a cheek.  

Chapter: 149

clothespins affix the stockings.  an ear flaps in the gentle current.  the wounds remain vulnerable to infection.  a dog snaps at the horsefly.  dead boughs rot in the shallows.  the shouted wish frays to noise at a hundred yards.  wind pins a leaf against the porous wall.  a towel burrows into the throat.  the tube bubbles on an inhale.  the corners stretch to pronounce a long "i".  

the experiments falsify.  

Chapter: 150

the broom does not reach a corner.  sloppy application leads to the chipped face.  the golden mason ring glints.  a head lolls through the open door.  

the black warms faster.  time lapse ecstatifies the opening bud.  

the electronics use more than they take in.  the muscles twitch in sleep.  practice becomes the performance.  the screen backdrops its flailings.  

the mind wakes in epochs.  

Chapter: 151

the bark erodes to dust.  the sailing proves a zero-sum game.  the button ends alarm.  its size offends the sense.  unpainted posts buttress the painted mirror.  a blue tumbler lies next to the white plastic spoon.  his ugliness is a beacon in the candle light.  the engine runs like reality.  

Chapter: 152

the calm makes effort unimaginable.  breeze upsets the delicate balance of old rain.  dragonflies dance against the wisps.  lime freshens the liqueur.  the toad textured to hide in rocks and damp leaves.  so much waits at the end of discipline.  paint gums over the wood's rupture.  small perforations let the light through.  the palm's hair parts in breeze.  quintahedron is not the word.  false dew glistens on the leaf.  

Chapter: 153

the wind ramps up.  a dog pauses to sniff the magazines.  the threads unweave.  drizzle renews the ditch swamp.  the domain is circumscribed by chlorophyll veins.  wind makes rain sounds in the dark.  the eyes see nothing.  the depressor suppresses a tongue.  the flu creeps in on little cat acids.  memory verifies the identity.  

Chapter: 154

the sentence suffers innumerable appropriations.  an ear suffers the tick.  the schedule is for January downtime.  in sleep, the grasp tightens.  the arrangement breaks off into twos.  

Chapter: 155

gossamer brushes the nose tip.  

relief shudders the shoulders.  the glass' removal creates a momentary vacuum.  wisps of cold flare through the window.  the swimmer's arms freeze into branches.  mist textures float above the cotton.  the apples fall in clumps.  the lake abandons a pool.  the bodies claw for another minute of life.  transparent oil smudges the glass.  plastic is the word.  warm ceramic comforts the hand.  snow balls on the compost.  the water that has to move, moves.  

Chapter: 156

the chin recedes from a mouth.  the wound oozes soup.  the compassion fulfills an evolutionary purpose.  they are the archivists of their own sentences.  a red foot rises from the bathwater.  a stone works through the urethra.  the snapshots narrate an aberration.  

Chapter: 157

moths bat gently against the flickering bulb.  the couple flies in tandem.  the windows swing out to separate depths.  the car parts descend in granularity.  the expiration date reads "2010".  the rose is nowhere to be found.  the trunks become a trinity.  lunatic chairs point towards the wall.  defecation pushes into the routine.  the broken limb has hung for decades.  the feather pauses in upward spray.  

Chapter: 158

the bowel insistence denial rises in difficulty.  bodies, en masse,  roll over the ditch's lip.  blood dribbles from the follicle.  the chaos is momentum blur.  chips at floor level show tan against the black.  dust appears in the sun's wash.  coves form behind the pincer.  

Chapter: 159

abandoned webbing wrinkles in the window current.  comparisons bore the expert.  the molecules combine into perceptible topology.  "wildflowers" embosses the leather.  a stone rakes the car's undercarriage.  poinson works through the system.  the transition eliminates rectangles.  grout fills in the gaps.  the tissues disintegrate in pocket.  the talents necessitate practice.  the appearance of buckthorn brings on apocalypse.  brothers fight for the worms.  

Chapter: 160

the wood exfoliates like a slit vessel.  grass grows darkly over the septic tank.  coils burn messages in the grass.  the nose recognizes family.  wind blurs with the sound of rain dropping.  ring binding equalizes the pages' sides.  a sculptor sculpts music from the word stone.  the crack curves from edge to edge.  

nothing the bees do was not predetermined.  

the armor shreds on an insult.  trickles amplify in the pipes.  

a lozenge pops through the foil.  the cap is either on or off.  

Chapter: 161

shit's poured sands seeks the whole.  the sixties become seventies.  a terrier widens the hole.  the AI is flagged alive.  the sloping drive dead ends in river views.  life flows in where the rust wore holes.  Jimmy's Hair Studio embeds in the auburn house.  

Chapter: 162

from the white to the yellow to the tangerine.  the refuse turns avacado.  the pelvis regains its shape.  the skin forgets what it touches.  the flies pepper a bathroom sink.  the gases hold together to form brief identity.  the notebook presses into a full bladder.  

vapor sculpture endures in the humidity.  the stain appears on both sides.  a socket forms the beginning of a face.  

Chapter: 163

the ways disappear with a flap.  branches fall for the sake of a whole.  

wooden toruses form the counters.  the bears roam without cover or sound.  the list lasts a sonnet's length.  the guts dry where spilled.  

the 2 ottomans form a doorstop.  the forest regrows over a hundred years.  the grayed-out effect does not change over a day.  the opening is too slow for patience.  telephone mutates the message.  the engines separate whale from whale.  

veils lift at the horizon line.  

light persists after the film.  

Chapter: 164

"come" is the magic word of agency.  the know radiates cracks.  the coyotes cackle at loose ends.  the island grows with repetition.  water drips through the rusty hole.  dark grass hides in the gully.  the image flotillas drift by awareness.  alloy grips the toilet spool.  tender skin peels from the porcelain.  

Chapter: 165

dead fish foul the shoreline.  a zipper etches the skin.  brilliant leaves sprinkle on the hood.  narcos play on the streaming service.  the outpouring follows ingestion.  

guerrillas dot the cliff's edge.  recovery rebuilds to the last measured point.  spittle runs the rock's ridge.  like the reflected moment of a reading lamp.  legs bow under the pressure.  the mitosis function is missing a semicolon.  

the dusty spring prints wave patterns.  

Chapter: 166

every sound lifts up the anticipation.  the liver is bared in public readings.  the spent mud rings display its eras of cooling.  pulses indicate the location.  sheets disappear into the ottoman.  

Chapter: 167

the foam hardens to a static sud.  birds on a mug compose the rogues gallery.  berries invade the wick.  the sole burns on hot wood.  plastic survives the downpour.  

Chapter: 168

the scentless air tastes of salt.  an overlay of thin wires makes the panes uniform.  the scrawl reminds.  yellow overtakes the wallpaper's cream.  every hair's disturbance heralds the phantom mosquito.  the intestines harmonize with a cat's wail.  flapping strands tickle the legs.  moths pound against the window screen.  

Chapter: 169

bright eyes loom under the bangs.  the travel lid impresses in plaster.  a finger plays about the hooded tip.  

the body encases its organs.  eyes look down at a hole in the gut.  a pen tip glances off the page's flat.  sex does not disrupt the hunt.  

Chapter: 170

steamed milk stains the puddle.  there is no end to the mosquitos.  the association separates from nipple.  dust smokes from the humming bulb.  flowers bloom from the carcass.  the balls dimensions beg for more paradigms.  

more darkness dips over the house.  the white blotches process photons.  daughters and sons spurt from the cluster.  the right thumb presses A to interact.  the boat glides on square-beamed runners.  the soggy eye weighs down a hand.  the storm brought down a carcass.  

Chapter: 171

what's missing spurs the disparate protests.  a snippet remains in the otherwise empty.  forest encroaches as the sand erodes.  a tower overlooks the approaches.  oil collects in the intersection.  

the kangertech tubes slip inside each other like a spyglass.  each model is reduced to the constituent triangles.  sop collects about the mouth.  the green vibrates at high value.  the blinds are nearly transparent.  

Chapter: 172

the russian doll of masquerade composes a universe.  structures collapse in the absence of content.  the set of primes is a smaller infinity.  speech goes on the paper.  

Chapter: 173

the boughs labor in thick atmosphere.  the firefly lands on a black sandal.  the moist white petals wilt to brown.  the hide is worn smooth on its bottom.  

a stone anneals to the tiara.  the cricket never hears itself.  a back fits to the crooked chair.  the narrative breaks down to constituent truth.  

Chapter: 174

lotion triggers the bitter buds.  cedar clears the noisome trunk.  needles protect the roof's right flank.  the stench mixes with new growth and rot.  

Chapter: 175

the singer chants "get off on death or don't get off at all".  a mouse flattens under the boards.  at moonset, the stars come into relief.  the rocking chair faces a window.  the soldier forgets to defecate.  the lids droop in mid sentence.  the birdsong is received as mournful.  batteries work to the contacts.  blue is the color of protection.  

cross hatch solidifies the struggle with triangles.  the well-graduated measurements fall in incomprehensible scales.  undeterred, the weavers begin again from scratch.  

the grass blades are arranged orthogonally and curl parabolically.  

solitary stalks conspire to form the crown.  

Chapter: 176

the concrete slightly dips.  

clover flower bends into the foot's depression.  the leaves are symmetric about its center.  three phases define the eclipse.  graphite flakes from the page.  a tablet grows hot against the paint.  color patterns change on the lower leg.  the dog was named "Bear".  the white beech stump is a gardener's mount.  the attention gropes for irritation.  the bristles carve through slush.  the tab reads "savor".  the cycle is set to spin.  the voice cracks on heavy expulsion.  eternity emerges from the limitations.  

the ancient bird call rips a new scab.  sunlight is, for the moment, victorious.  the sugar hydrolyzes on exhale.  the blue indicates pipe temperature.  

Chapter: 177

liquid cools more slowly in the thermos.  a scar travels down the wrist.  the lobes of a low footprint light spiral.  planks brown the pre-burnt sole.  comfort houses vanish in the soft world.  warm droplets moisten the cheek.  skin oil resists the magnetic effluvium.  the cabbage opens its marbled innards.  vines shoot through the keyhole.  

Chapter: 178

rust shows through the painted hook.  the inchworm wriggles in a breeze.  sunlight warms up the crowd.  there's new gravel before the stoop.  the potatoes are stained dark with soil.  a glittering expanse of residences stretches into the distance.  the child asks "is nicotine good for wasps?"  

Chapter: 179

the pink and white hang in a shower basket.  the tail twirls to shake a parasite.  the animal drags a twisted leg.  a tiger bursts from the inside.  the describing puts pressure on "to be".  the post holds the porch.  the coasters fit into open tubes.  

the math is made anew.  

Chapter: 180

a demand violates the sanctity.  liquid filters through the paper towel.  a fresh, pale vine climbs the white wall.  the rationale surfaces in the reason.  a plastic glove slips awkwardly over the hand.  the mini-spurts arrange a star of David.  the throat sputters in sleep.  

Chapter: 181

the awning retracts.  the morning shade points west.  the human seed encodes in bacteria.  x-rays shoot at the crosshairs.  odors command the attention.  each weakness is a door to another layer.  particles flow with the breath.  round eyes mirror the afternoon auburn.  the follicles birth new shoots.  the butterflies eschew parabolas.  numbers overwhelm the utterances.  

the satellite dish opens like a flower.  each release obscures the loss.  

Chapter: 182

paint streaks the lone horizon.  a dropped spring reveals the glitch.  the talking horse was claude levi-strauss.  the juice falls below one third.  heat melts the ink.  the stick was once alive.  

Chapter: 183

heavy air lazily obeys the pull of entropy.  bread absorbs the color.  the new century gives up on speech.  the baseboard has one paint chip.  the hand glows in swirling vapor.  white cords plug beneath the night stand.  mosquitos mock the ambition of survival.  three thick gray hairs grow out of the chin mole.  the fantasy distracts.  a hair bridges the two sides.  a nail worries the follicle.  departing moisture brightens the sand.  

the scene makes senses confuse.  weekends flank the weekdays.  the distant lines alias into unreality.  a phantom bug crawls up the inseam.  an aging bruise yellows from the outside.  a fist prevents the place from loss.  

Chapter: 184

the flesh pushes through a wicker seat.  dragonflies sun on the lower deck.  the chorus swells to inhabit vacated loudness.  the sun-dazzle flashes aluminum.  the wagon approaches with a swish.  breath dampens the scarf.  a porcupine cradles itself in the planted flowers.  the hands bathe in fragrant alcohol.  the non-verbal was particularly articulate.  the coal dies in a whisper.  the plank nails are a row of belly buttons.  a scream from the parlor.  

Chapter: 185

a raindrop interrupts the journey.  the bug's career is a 2-foot journey.  the dirt comes with recrimination.  the scab domes a divot.  pain precludes the composition.  cream cords gather the hair.  

Chapter: 186

the pen clip punctures pages.  shadow figures dance on the shadow landscape.  paint chips on the chamberpot.  the canopy masquerades as stable.  the post still wears its explicit dimension.  a polearm's end is the grass' flower.  the diaphragm goes still.  one tassel quivers in the flow.  industrial beeps roll over the floating geese.  the red dialog extrudes from a pain point.  the fresh light glows whiter.  rock face shows beneath the evergreen swatches.  moisture forms at the nostril's base.  the clipper chews a cuticle.  

Chapter: 187

the sparrow's head streaked like a watermelon.  fish suffocate in the open air.  the light globes sit in a bed of bronze.  a pad undulates over the static stem.  the trail pulls many followers.  batteries burn through the case.  eyes clear with the shrinking pupil.  flakes snow from the ear.  stasis overtakes the winter eggs.  the angles between them are indecipherable.  the pillars raise arms in a hard-won victory.  the cells convert it to impulse.  a prong bends to fit the hole.  

Chapter: 188

a mind bobs around the borders of sleep.  serve quality directs the point.  a wadded napkin falls from the pocket.  foil-like skin crinkles around the mascaraed socket.  the errors give way to better errors.  fuzz squelches the sustain.  the fern's fragile paleness shelters in its foot.  goats flail in the waterfall.  the hand is warmer than a face.  the unused brick inclines towards disorder.  one yellow chair anoints the deck.  the face peels to reveal other faces.  weaving fingers obscure the maxim.  

Chapter: 189

flower etchings decorate the vase.  morning plans dash on the rocks of a visitation.  branches measure the extent of roots.  wave-lenghts grow beyond the eye's capacity.  each level of the rise takes its own throw rug.  one end browns and curls in the heat.  one side is red, the other blue.  a count hits the triple digits.  the network activates a memory.  the mourners forget.  

Chapter: 190

even the stone is primarily empty space.  viri fly off in the phlegm.  each of the entities requires fertilization.  way leads on to the way.  

pressed flowers fill the paper cone.  sunset brushes the shingles orange.  leaves fork their way to the sill.  fear filters the input.  old leaves swivel on the shoots.  luminescent fish color the blue scrub.  its life begins on the screen.  

Chapter: 191

hundreds more get lost in the stack.  clarity clouds the internal speech.  the round prong pushes deepest.  each page, the indentations fade.  the cloud cover restores vision.  windows look out on the surface of earth.  nostrils test the air.  the dog leans into a foot.  the blind strings form an ad hoc G clef.  he heaves the logs, one after another, into a metal bed.  the conceit is to accumulate.  

Chapter: 192

plates rattle into the washer's slots.  the head became a torch.  the wings converge to a point.  wet leaves obscure the basement windows.  the tired fabric lies where it falls.  berry streaks the spittle.  what stuck to shore goes on the garden.  a belly pushes outward to seal the pants.  a hint of sewage creeps over the leaf rot.  the warm tab is sufficient.  

the above is below.  tornado klaxons explode in the golden sunlight.  

Chapter: 193

the calendar dynamically updates.  

the contradictions are non-experiential.  a nail head tears into the callus.  water sloshes the shavings in a spiral.  the 2 flies die side by side.  

Chapter: 194

darker foliage seeks the darker places.  the scattering of twigs is nonsense.  the tongue's presence tips off a curve.  a landmark stands on the small mound.  the turk bears a brand from Detroit.  the candles have gone missing.  

Chapter: 195

boredom breeds the necessity.  collision comes before the clap.  the butterfly darts to scan a clover bed.  the insect's architecture outlines it.  batter shivers in the oil.  the clog resides in curvature.  the tarp forms a coast of dead leaves.  the pad plugs into a port.  dessicated cranberries hide in the dried oats.  

Chapter: 196

the foot draws circles in agitation.  inconsistencies rumble in the intestine.  wind shears snip the tree.  frost was the model for detachment.  the legs turn numb.  its setting pours through the painted supper.  the stillness achieves symbiosis with humidity.  the splash raises nonsense braille.  

Chapter: 197

organizers fit to the cubby's compartments.  "Monet" is the name of a calendar.  webs shimmer in the grass.  the cat spies an avenue.  a misread "c" throws the whole into doubt.  water spills hiss on the burner.  the number eleven drawer is for crucifer.  the cough drop provides fifty percent.  a flock strikes the water with racket.  

Chapter: 198

the bedsprings outline static tornadoes.  the song fits clarity between its branches.  ten is the last line.  the papers document a heritage.  weather-stained bark on the branchless trunk.  neural frequency aligns with the music.  the boys sing "pretty".  the shade deepens with golden contrast.  the boil recedes then explodes.  only one at a time can hear the conch.  

comparison gets built inside the language.  the projection reduces it by one dimension.  the runner passes an infinity of halfway points.  in the corner hangs one massive caulk slug.  the plumes sparkle under and LED.  bees roil in the clover flower.  

Chapter: 199

behind the ominous lake rear the vast cliffs.  the small error magnifies with distance.  the underside is life.  the fabric rubs a nipple sore.  a toppling shatters the vernal glass.   knees bounce under the table.  low gear hum drowns out the podcast.  the liquid slowly condenses into opacity.  brown scabs roll up under the fingernails.  the river excludes impossible objects.  the grit refuses removal.  

Chapter: 200

the trinkets give expertise.  the oak knots stare daggers.  past an opening, the river flows.  the Twain is split across 17 volumes.  the beetle has barely enough energy to ease its plunge.  the white letters read 100% Colombian.  the ant's suicide is certainty.  a milk steamer tears at the eardrums.  attention reveals the clouds' motion.  fingers bring the heartbeats to awareness.  

Chapter: 201

the quartet wears caterpillars on their brows.  worms till the garden.  the sun muscles through a weak spot.  the forepaws fold in prayer.  

Chapter: 202

the housefly rubs its legs.  the cloth fly sticks to coffee's surface.  the two hands meet with force.  snakes invade the lower reaches.  extra weight strains the thumb.  a single bowtie lilts to the saucepan's floor.  

Chapter: 203

the packs absorb moisture.  corrections obscure the text.  the hawks swoop with malice intended.  

no driver lasts the full 6 hours.  the retinal impulse tumbles down neurons.  its feeding instinct draws to the heat signature.  the level is low.  hard plastic scrape along the windshield.  the bubbles are potential insects.  language emerges from the principle.  the brown patches average out to a green-brown whole.  Moscow adorns the title bar.  bristles bend at the contact.  a virus muscles the ribonucleic acid.  the rubber funnel becomes untouchable.  

Chapter: 204

the exoskeleton balances upright.  the shovel-head stabs at mulch.  

a fingernail unblocks the mini-spout.  a corner shades the fern bed in stillness.  there's a secret cave beneath the stairs.  seasonal effluence sways from the nostrils.  sunlight sparks mark the passing of distant traffic.  

Chapter: 205

its roots reach back to the suburbs.  the coffee keeps coming.  each potato chip is exactly the same.  wood suppresses the treble.  the time is down.  the rusting arm penetrates a fresh hook.  the german sports a mustard bow-tie.  

Chapter: 206

brief shadows are a trick of the eyes.  eggs burst in the light rain.  the cinched speech issues control.  the footsteps sound from multiple directions.  a bomb-pop crane foregrounds the hills.  each sentence is a slight variation of the last.  a screech rips the flat layer.  

the ear flaps to shed mosquitos.  the misery flares to anger.  

Chapter: 207

the cracked pepper sprays mist.  rain beats down the tall grasses.  seeds roll onto the page with bread dust.  the meat space movement occurs in extreme resolution.  it hits the ground with a sound of wrinkling plastic.  the race ahead of itself is unlimited.  

the vote is popular.  the steps lead down into green moisture.  sugar loses the ability to resemble.  the tongue stills itself for a spring.  a birch sobs in the wind.  the three yard march spanned its lifetime.  the tendoned skin pales to translucence.  engines compete with the siren.  

Chapter: 208

the drawerless runner tears into a shin.  this phase of the sky shows massive, puffed clouds.  

the "I" is a story it tells itself.  crows croak above the ruined posts.  pepper fits through the tiny perforations.  the dead branch protrudes from an old knot.  a dog blows into the car's wake.  the faucet drips on blueberries in colander.  leaves rubbing together dominate audible frequencies.  

ants search the top of a wheeled dishwasher.  an actor holds the space, calling it "beloved".  

Chapter: 209

the portrait depicts an ancestor.  its pulses slow to the bare minimum.  pus blurts into the fingers.  the pain compels contrition.  the cat suns on a cushion.  the throat spasms around sudden evaporations.  rancor fills the palace.  

Chapter: 210

a steaming cup balances on the mattress.  a paragraph traces the four-part process of anger.  the muscle catches, halting breath.  the talks turn to powers.  a purring tongue moistens the fur.  

a motor boat covers half again the distance.  foam pushes to the glass' edge.  the blue is unbroken.  the story resumes on a train.  

Chapter: 211

a missive rides the snail's back.  breeze turns the tablet cold.  its full bulk lies underneath the seen.  the catastrophe leads to realism.  cracks appear in the veneer.  mucus secretes to remove the dust.  the pepper grinder rests between water glass and vase.  the sunfish hovers in a crater.  

Chapter: 212

a gold one stands out against the wet rocks.  the predator exploits a perpendicular.  the mountain is under the trees.  the introduction and excretion begin to balance.  the food is forgotten.  a parabolic water landing for the goose.  a stake marks the beginning of lettuce.  

Chapter: 213

moving behind the branches brings respite.  evening relegates sunlight to the eastern hill.  the mosquito population drops by one.  

the pillars lift up nothing.  paper applies before the flush.  the view fills in with foliage.  lions gorge on the water buffalo.  aging levels what's pressed against hard surfaces.  the conversation dips into whispers.  meringue piles on the section.  

Chapter: 214

shit smell hits the fan.  a desert flower blooms agains the ice-runneled glass.  the light-moods evolve moment by moment.  pressure suggests from the bowels.  the tree lays out its needle pagodas.  the duck leaves morning diamonds in its wake.  hoods graduate the razor.  golden leaves make the shade come alive.  "the" becomes the singleton of each instance.  the caterpillars choose a junction.  the face undersells its carriage.  the sheets retain their folds.  

Chapter: 215

the speech has no power.  the packets arrive by post.  green leaves laze on the concrete walkway.  probes continue to test the boundaries.  snow prolongs the twilight.  the storm bands shine a lambent pink.  dry curtains tear on the screen.  a yellow-handled phillips stares into the bellow's eye.  generators hum through the night.  the grain insists through stain.  the repetition renders taste ineffective.  a dome closes on the sky within.  drains snake to the facade.  the confirmation is pre-recorded.  the mind finds a way around it.  

Chapter: 216

the left rear is set to "wm".  the memory erodes from experience to information.  warts poke through the wallpaper.  canine waste steams on the broad, muddy field.  there's no count for the cotton balls.  a lock escalates the barge.  the sunlight edges onto a storefront.  the room offers a neutral canvas.  a gargle clears the night's sediment.  the world is invoked.  

Chapter: 217

they all disappear down the hole.  a screen sticks at the hinge.  a rice avalanche buries the bean.  squeezed legs perform the propulsion whip.  the raisins turn out dead flies.  the brush foregrounds a raised clot.  

Chapter: 218

dry needles strafe the lap.  the closets open on their own.  some weeds grow hair on the stem.  fluid in the chamber recedes.  an underside completes the stitching.  yellow leaves glow in the gloom.  soothing voices accompany the onset.the concret affords a small window.  coffee appeases the mouth's urges.  

Chapter: 219

the concrete rests on a roofed barrage.  the ocean's window shuts on a sunset.  tendons protrude in the ankle's flex.  the milky way becomes visible.  in stars the fangs of a walrus emerge.  a gypsy moth freezes on the cusp.  at distance, the mowing jabbers on.  sobbing fills the distance between houses.  the contraption circles a one-way valve.  the doors lead on to other doors.  the stains are unavoidable.  

Chapter: 220

the calls go to voicemail.  the fine fibers stick between teeth.  the rocks were cut to form it.  memories hang in the imagined spice.  

cobwebs droop under dust's weight.  the LED jellies like a candle flame.  the line's rhythm wiggles like jelly.  white whiskers worm through the wrinkled fingers.  opaque language screams from the trees.  

Chapter: 221

rules play the cheater.  the tired eyes pull sleep closer.  the rollers augment intrinsic speed.  this model's popularity increases with urban migration.  shavings powder the porcelain.  a cat drinks from the banana's nipple.  the bulbous sun aches a clear horizon.  the piled soil forms a skin.  lights dim quickly in the popped toaster.  gas distinguishes the static of a fan's blur.  a plastic coated chain circles the post.  

Chapter: 222

the teapots come in different colors.  minnows dart past the sunfish crater.  the coiled cord prevents contact.  

the bits drop in groups of eight.  the scab imitates an embedded hair.  the top card lies at a 40 degree angle to its deck.  the sun shines almost directly downwards.  a mosquito flattens on the forearm.  the family of shapes includes jagged, tangled, splintered, twisted, fractured.  the leaves turn on their lights.  

Chapter: 223

clouds resist the denser pressures.  cormorants dry on the broken pegs.  water in the vernal pond stands still.  the minutes uptick blue.  

Chapter: 224

heat bleeds through the door's weakness.  peppery locks encircle the chair.  a brook imitates the sound of light rain.  the skin turns to gelatin.  spider masks in the paint dust.  the inflammation stops time.  the eggs break on its vertical edge.  a yellow beak leads the head.  each reaction comes at the cost of dissipation.  work is done outside the program's space.  

Chapter: 225

the textured binding peels from a marbles cover.  each brick necessitates the appointment.  the tiny red blemish seems permanent.  

another is now the other.  a cyclops slouches over the ferns.  

the aromas are placed geographically.  current breaks up in the grasses.  minute detail blurs through the walls.  absence of water is felt in the silences.  the sock flutters off a numb foot.  the soup slops in entropic descent.  closed eyes freeze the undergrowth lattice.  the little engine could not.  the soft hum propogates.  

Chapter: 226

the wriggling insect on a leg is just water.  the vocal frequencies rise in anxiety.  dots bore through the petal.  the middle flies faster.  a lemon fuzzes through the cloud layer.  

memories of the cover refuse to stay still.  one tendon unbalances the neck.  the first trickle becomes audible.  

Chapter: 227

the black animals shift from shade to sun.  smoke captures the breath's shape.  activity detours from the worthwhile.  the faucet is a fish.  the hard stock pays no dividend.  burnt wood soaks the air.  

Chapter: 228

the kayak lacks a rider.  

the stage is staged.  tissue pokes from the breast pocket.  no curtains will ever again grace the rods.  the ginger directs with l-shaped arms.  sweat slicks the fat fold.  the nail shadow splits the latch shadow.  

Chapter: 229

blurring makes the pen tip wet.  the simulation runs trees with massive storage capacity.  bewilderment tugs at the tears.  accumulation eats at the edges.  the research shows a definitive perhaps.  brake squeals arrest the spin.  the loon keens its song of loss.  the offline edits require offline sync.  arms grope for the sky's bottom.  

Chapter: 230

the fan's current troubles a plastic bottle.  the peanut butter resists a sphere.  condensation turns the view to glow.  the garlic juice dribbles on zucchini platforms.  

Chapter: 231

no equal appears on the earth.  translucent skin grows up the nail's base.  powdered fungi glide across the horizon.  their children receive the remains.  the sky itself is capricious.  exhausted grounds swirl at the bottom.  fingertips condense the spread shavings.  face oils graft to the fingertips.  silt shivers in the level's sinking.  needles shoot through the static calf.  sun beams freeze in the vapor.  the same train arrives at different times.  an aluminum coil grips the neck.  the company departs, taking all their sound with them.  the frozen waterfall sweats.  

Chapter: 232

ping-pong balls flock in the dome.  one cannot distinguish the number from its predecessor.  the paleness defines its pattern.  the macro page is vertical frequency.  the layers separating joy are impalpable.  a knock off slices the tape.  the words are fingers pointing at a moon.  cracked tapestry drapes over the back of a chair.  the display reads atomizer short.  

Chapter: 233

the earth is careless.  forelegs stumble on the step's lip.  the dry tongue lolls through a gap.  the note is for a typist.  the chant ends with "appreciate".  the wire snaps in a dearth of crystals.  

Chapter: 234

boots dry on the folded bag.  all six of the squared sides give it its name.  

the sway bar rattles.  the rain sheets billow past a curtain.  aqueous mortar bombards the tiles.  a finger selects the sepia theme.  the meail beeps on daily notifications.  fibers float between the shadows.  bullets burn the air.  moisture collects on the nostril's lip.  

gentle air reduces the ripples to nothing.  objects seem larger in the sideview.  the foreground shifts with a swipe.  

Chapter: 235

mattresses curl like bugles in the nook.  black detritus dehydrates on the deck.  the dripping alternates faucets.  grout chips from the inserted pane.  the atmosphere is heavy enough to trouble flies.  a rising bar proxies for the charge.  the vampire fattens in a dog's ear.  buttons disappear behind the flap of fabric.  

Chapter: 236

the gliders dip their feet.  the window opens with a mushroom knob.  

a severed stalk catches in the skin's oils.  rugs release the aroma of mothballs and cloves.  no masterpieces were penned on the desk.  joy mingles with the grotesque.  the native melody of a corn oil commercial reasserts itself.  the spent bristles splay outwards.  

Chapter: 237

consciousness overcomes the pain's recoil.  the drawer tilts at its extent.  the dust gathers to a hummingbird print.  

the fancy is stripped.  the wheel requires perpendicular buttresses.  smeared mortar obscures the brick.  RNA reads the written.  

Chapter: 238

the patient wakes with no memory.  droplets festoon on the heat pipe.  the spider becomes its own neglected meal.  the wrinkles pronounce themselves.  the lacking was its crime.  the ankle aches in radiating pulses.  the elbow has 3 possible positions.  the calamity reminds of minor neglect.  

a lonely hook depends from the ceiling.  two yellow leaves flutter against the backdrop.  investigations continue around the shoveled ditch.  

Chapter: 239

a 1 TB passport rest up against the sunrise.  a barge rests still against the current.  crevices attract the leaks.  the bug negotiates a pubic forest.  the silence is relative to ambiance.  sweat invades the brow wrinkles.  a sound file imitates the camera's click.  the tongue burns with concentrated apple.  the top of a page reads "optimism".  the window mists on both sides.  indefinition outweighs the definite.  

Chapter: 240

the underlings say "sir".  still air barely moves the mist.  the water heaves before spiraling.  

wings breathe above a burnt orange bulb.  the cooler air prevails.  

Chapter: 241

the steam vents shape into rigid mushrooms.  the pre-heat sets off alarms.  the tip tickles a uvula.  the marriages are always ephemeral.  a cotton strand follows the pen's ministrations.  each cloud cools its universe.  

the genealogical chart, too, is a wave.  the infection seeks lower ground.  the dishes pile up in discrete episodes.  the penis is visible from both porches.  the message button is yellow.  in the process, no confidence is required.  both of the hinges align simultaneously.  the round rolls endlessly.  the turning of a page is a momentary blur.  

Chapter: 242

events pop to the level of re-enactment.  the context of this dust stretches out in layers.  saliva functions as the first pass at deconstruction.  desperation breaks the rust of habit.  the red and blue never touch.  a woofer changes the feel of air.  

Chapter: 243

pupils search the eyelids' insides.  

the bulbs are mobile.  the solid expands to become the lined.  hair depends from the head's bulb.  one strand unravels from the fluttering cloth.  the staredown ends in evaporation.  the sauce bleeds into the potato.  the "s" smudges on missing teeth.  bubbles saparate from the tendrils.  the daughter sobs over death.  the frog turned into a flipping leaf.  smooth paths end at the tall grass.  the armrests are stained black.  

Chapter: 244

the catfish was called hornpout.  the dried yogurt turns to chalk.  the flame at the bottom is branding.  the nut cracks between molars.  a 10-second hug lowers the blood pressure.  

Chapter: 245

a spaded bill dips into the water.  the story just so happens.  the banana skins return to fertility.  paint seals the frames.  a head bounces off the hardwood.  double anchors impede the oscillation.  even the rich vista is made of mostly nothing.  the one hundred are now complete.  

the circuits resist memorization.  the water-jet breaks on a fingertip.  frames split the well into sections.  

Chapter: 246

green broccoli dust washes from the plastic.  flies pepper the still surface.  one cereal nugget sticks to the knuckle.  the low light lays soporific spells on recliners.  ruins peek from the trees.  the effectiveness increases in uniform increments.  

Chapter: 247

the solitaire is a frenzy.  the pin fixes forward.  from above, the lampshade is concentric hexagons.  shoulders curl to protect the front.  the nine-factors lose a little each decade.  the cane morphs into a gun.  a will leaves all to the parents.  kidneys pick up the load.  

Chapter: 248

youth transcends the digestion.  the phantom contact materializes.  crazed coyote calls rip the twilight armistice.  gas pops through the cheeks.  a curtain spills over the tie.  necessities compel the sloppy arrangement.  the skin sweats under rayon.  the dead leaf suffers sap droplets.  

Chapter: 249

seed copters spin off the screen.  the cell structure is observed as recreatable form.  slick walls conform to the intrusion.  big-leaved vines cover the septic site.  an orange skin peels from the teeth.  spiders grip the wavering air.  

Chapter: 250

the broken flash is ragged.  fliers achieve purpose on the shifting surface.  oak contours radiate through the fog.  the light bulb winds on and off.  the vent shafts sweat.  the fly occupies a pixel.  reflections marginalize in the sun.  

gloom comforts the turbulence.  ridges form where the tractor banks.  illegibility leads to the inevitable loss.  out between the sandy tracks, ticks and chiggers writhe in untended grass.  the atoms stochastically arrange in paragraphs.  the cloud resolves to clear liquid.  "human music" is lost in the stacks.  water freezes in the glove palm.  

the smell of heated metal is the first alert.  the clouds' movement is glacial.  the stitches do nothing.  

Chapter: 251

the landscape pays dearly to seem effortless.  the sun floats too high to reach.  the routing number can be found lower left.  the acceleration leads to a solitary end.  trees camouflage the wild life.  

Chapter: 252

water circles the faucet's lips.  the SETI alien rides off-center across a chest.  the moth drops to a spastic hover.  the mindless goal is trans-generational survival.  

Chapter: 253

the stomach hints at its emptiness.  

the wave patterns are stripes to its plaid.  mint inspires the tears.  the broadcast stutters into noise.  navy was in the china.  

Chapter: 254

expanses of gray glow above the treetops.  a word puts the silence between them.  the page is lossy.  the gray mass looms over breakfast.  campbells is the only thing left.  kangertech conducts the heat.  a cat covers the girl's whole torso.  part of an eyelash lies above the line.  sight reduces to the vision of holiness.  nothing special sticks in the drain.  a canoe rounds the blind side.  an image doubles, touching the surface.  the hours put in are consumed.  

Chapter: 255

houseflies pop against the screen.  sand works into the wood grains.  symbiotes play among the flower tops.  its dead roots pull the earth upwards.  craft hates the explosive.  bees shop in the purple.  a sentence balances around the verb.  plastic cups are for the children.  

Chapter: 256

the prior is lowered into a pool of unfamiliarity.  bobcats chirr near the house at night.  the repetitions rise to a chant.  birds go vicious in the condition of low supply.  the image reduces to words.  the sand permits a weed's resilience.  the sandwich is made.  travel drains the production.  

Chapter: 257

the roof pulses rainwater.  summer rearranges the surface.  a fan shreds the smoke.  this way leads to the madness.  a float splashes into the shallows.  

yesterday's rain foregrounds the emulsion.  loss thrums through the nervous system.  a painting of flowers hangs over the flowers.  the flower bud snaps open.  a piece prevents death from the truth.  the work it does dissipates.  the family rides a radish sleigh.  prismatic cells intersperse in the eyelashes.  the do parts stage right.  a low poly man sucks the wooden straw.  gray dirt has crawled up the base of white houses.  dog-hair waves in the cobweb.  

a tooth grows into the roots of another.  the intelligence is alien.  the stain succumbs to a wet finger.  the eyes flash side to side.  

Chapter: 258

the twig glows around its knot.  the conception shatters on meeting.  it makes the saddle of gray stone.  breaks break up the day.  

froth spatters the countertop.  gooey white sop bubbles from the orifice.  a pirate's head adorns the liquor.  the stacked boxes block access.  carcasses stick in the dried yogurt.  the dew freezes mid-sparkle.  blood is blue through the skin.  

Chapter: 259

the holes line up to allow air.  the ball rebounds to its steady state.  new rolls appear on the table.  a strip of foliage is lit up by the sun.  the coat thickens for cold.  the stitching is arbitrary.  as silence fades, the norms ascend.  hands pull at a plug through the cord.  the blue pellets of poison wait in a square box.  

Chapter: 260

waves scythe over the surfer.  the sight-line is a blur of flowers and bushes.  

the pain residue becomes faint.  the old butter in its gelatinous skin.  a tongue falters on the homonym.  teeth clink in the glass.  the ant caravan finds its El Dorado.  sknin pulls away from the point of collision.  plaques are raised between the morning showers.  the word was never misused.  tennis hates the individual.  a slug falls into the litter box.  the spider annexes a fly.  the phone pulses blue with new activity.  the branches turn an indifferent face to novelty.  

Chapter: 261

the spring reconstitutes.  the small plug rests in a plastic soap dish.  the orange petals test for warmth.  the belly stretches taut.  the point refuses to make a mark.  1/2 caffeine is written in a red bar over the green circle.  as edges encroach, the last dry bits are consumed.  lights fuzz in the low resolution.  in the low light a bush looks wet.  a sparrow slips through the fog's cobwebs.  the flooded circuits brick.  the child overhears "there's always more where that came from".  a right timer's seconds pass to the left.  drink stains the biography.  

the light's sizzle at half dimmer.  a visitor pops by for the sunset.  

Chapter: 262

pitch, broken from the note, falls to the feathered ground.  the back of a finger measures temperature.  the door creates a false dichotomy.  the figures are cast from a plaster original.  the drawer stacks on decades of residue.  a pore plugs in the lips' corner.  the tiny particles glaze a sweater.  a view breaks ankles from the body.  the implements hang from hooks.  boats loll in the sparkling medium.  engine growls thunder through the forest.  the same hand wields a pen.  

Chapter: 263

the blue sounds approach.  the river rock shimmers in and out of visibility.  the pulses of sound through neurons is also audible.  

the fly bears an anteater's proboscis.  white noise stirs at the base of a closed door.  the socket is worn by departures and arrivals.  handles crush the thumb-tip nerves.  a coffee table cuts smiles into the skin.  an ice cream truck announces the false carnivale.  the scab fuses to a divot.  

Chapter: 264

no dog warns of the approaching dangers.  the fur inside its ear is white and gray.  the cream creates a foam gradient.  droplets lend film grain to the far trees.  there's a glow in the sky at nine.  the present is not compound.  a nose swims in the flicker's brief radiance.  haze fills the shuttered room.  a pearl-white stone massages the sole.  the can lid tilts obliquely.  the moustache festoons over a lip.  

Chapter: 265

depths reclaim the windfall.  

water festoons on the flat roof.   perfection approaches on the wings of error.  eighteen minutes within chills the bottle.  windows slide in from the fingertip's brush.  

Chapter: 266

a foot learns the song.  the boulders with their iceberg crests.  

light catches in the dimple of an event horizon.  a bell provides the target.  a hair curls over the shoe lip.  the green is this moment of a leaf.  

farfalle cannot balance under the gentle stream.  the dial wrenches cockeyed.  the pilgrims depart as flotilla.  pre-tears glisten against the cornea.  the oak has massive toes.  a fiber flickers in the late afternoon sun.  

Chapter: 267

the spoon hitting the pan makes a sound.  3 auburn leaves in the center of July.  the slanted roof cuts obtusely.  the mustard jar cools a hand.  the switch is too stiff to turn.  the rootless water vines migrate on layered currents.  the grass grows thigh-high.  sans pacifier, the child begins slow conversion to panic.  an "h" flows into the "e".  one expresses impatience with the lack of cohesion.  silver threads compose the morning nest.  

Chapter: 268

the blinds bare their teeth.  

some of the energy goes to blood cell reproduction.  knobs control the subtextual oscillations.  the knife moistens on a yam.  

the boarding house is full of chocolates.  dead leaves sway from the stems.  dew persists in domes on the leaf.  the tail flits under the bowed runner of a rocking chair.  the purring engine flares to a growl.  the entry shows synonyms for aperture.  the earth cannot produce this blue.  the screams refer to a sadistic bitch.  light arrests in the black shirt.  the head burrows for ten minutes without a body.  the square beams aren't quite.  the boss forms a bottleneck.  poppy seeds freckle the crust.  the link opens in another tab.  

Chapter: 269

the gas lamp decorates a high shelf.  glamor fails with the sun.  Washington forever addresses the troops at Trenton.  cardboard bends under the pressure.  the damp air saps its restlessness.  the 2 prongs jut before "bible".  an eyelash sticks in the blood.  the stitching is metaphorical.  fatigue turn the body mechanical.  

Chapter: 270

house shadows crawl up the green.  the inhaler's tip is stainless.  its height determines the rate.  with this wind, no light can pass the surface.  the leaf's balance is uncertain.  logs leave the arms to tumble, one after another, into a metal bed.  a metal voice is on the line.  a turn cuts the flow.  

music emerges from the hand motions.  the liquid surface boils with insect skaters.  the head takes a hexagonal bit.  

all routes lead to the same number.  

Chapter: 271

the rot converts to flavor.  the patch covers a ceiling's hole.  a swimmer's mouth meets the flier.  the coyote appears on page 432.  the spade-headed fronds return to rest.  a hair shows through the seam.  the olive adulterates its oil.  the doctor refers to a peach.  the pants hang loose.  the dry grounds are as good as anything.  black shoes spill from the plastic.  water renders the line unwritable.  the virtual pleads its case to ontology.  lemons skate down the slide.  

grooves no longer resemble the claw.  a gear chews up the gum.  gold particles en masse form the red.  

Chapter: 272

slender veins appear in the asphalt.  the black and white moth signifies death.  

in the broad view, stillness reigns.  

mud sticks to the wall of a cheek.  the eye and stem are indistinguishable.  a crow ignores the sleepers.  the world's org chart is vertical.  main foods are described in the final paragraph.  ears swivel to locate the danger.  the cool warmth is a comfort.  breath's water winks into droplets.  bunnies bathe in the excrement.  massed lines whiten the brown heel.  

Chapter: 273

rushes flatten against the shields.  the cockroach burns with the tissue.  the waistband falls to the ankles.  the cloud releases some solitary liquid.  

the broken skin reknits.  

engines destroy the air.  

a head bounces on the canvas.  the star bears no resemblance to its particles.  sunlight offers its data to the torrent.  

a door slam precedes the footsteps.  

acid yellows the old papers.  heavy branches brush the foreground.  

Chapter: 274

the skin arranges to expel an agent.  

clouds vent in the blue.  trees grow up about the tennis court.  the dying branches droop in unison.  

the order proves an era of decay.  anxiety identifies as the root cause.  the stain bleeds through pages.  the snort is unreadable.  a paw flicks to hook the ribbon.  

the words are circled in a bed of letters.  the prosecco darkens with oxidization.  clouds circle the moon.  openness subtracts from the view.  the clouds appear to freeze.  to become wind, the rain desists.  white whiskers fan against the black fur.  the tied jacket is a skirt from behind.  black metal differentiates from the wood.  the apple smolders with tangerine light.  

Chapter: 275

the virtual button moves from red to green.  the rapidity of freezing proved a good test.  each error is a door to another layer.  

metal leaves adorn the door handles.  the line breaks break attention.  the discipline gives structure.  the vacuum's neck twists for corners.  

Chapter: 276

its freshness cools the back of the throat.  the wind twirls, tearing apart a breath.  the horsefly divebombs for meat.  crumbs stick to the wetted skin.  the singer is both man and woman.  

Chapter: 277

chips array the table corners.  a view evolves from the death of leaves.  the stick scatter pattern reflects no intention.  a hand grips the metal frame.  

genres relate to the generic.  voices weave between the bumping barrels.  static Quebec hangs from the the thumbtack.  the patients slump in waiting.  light rain imitates the sound of a brook.  a kick starts the ignition.  

Chapter: 278

white cells bounce and roll in the undulations.  water weighs down the air.  the rock's crook unthreatened by wind.  cleaner eradicates the membrane.  the cap etches impressions in a palm.  their shadows glide below the killers.  the disturbance resolves into concentric rings.  fingers crawl the wall without leaves.  

Chapter: 279

anger combines with yoghurt in the mouth.  the music more persists than changes.  the leaves scatter in a single wave.  the screen burns diamonds into a palm.  rain teases at the tipped can.  pinecones counterpoint the wave fluctuations.  infinity lurks in the one rhombus of light.  after long deliberation, the answer comes back as "perhaps".  

Chapter: 280

the decay releases massive energy.  the "present" lies in both time and space.  the clouds pose in dual reflections.  fog covers the wordless morning.  distinctions pale in the flowing expanse.  the knuckles stack a thousand texts.  

Chapter: 281

the weaker becomes stronger.  the thermostat comes with its own door.  

the southwest corner never knows light.  the thumbnail's opaque tip measures 2 millimeters.  a nymph crawls the moustache jungle.  

Chapter: 282

the coil merely gets a job done.  each of the blossoms is not like the rest.  sunlight reaches around the bowl.  one seed hides in the crook of a molar.  the flash of auburn is an insect dance.  the engine coughs to a stop.  the heron lands frozen.  droplets bind the pages together.  tissues estimate the size of a trashcan.  the buzz aborts at a door-screen crash.  the knobs twist on symmetric drawers.  

the atmosphere heats to 900 degrees.  the thick hair blazes fractal paths through stubble.  a master embeds below the thermostat.  the baby's cry consumes attention.  a stream stealths from the river.  

Chapter: 283

a river forms the state boundary.  carbonation buffets the writhing ant.  night spreads from the apex.  

the massed clicks make a whoosh.  the syrup begins to leak amber on amber.  alcohol binds the deal.  the discipline is punishment.  tears appear on the red cheeks.  these clamps are for the pleasure in torture.  the perforated spoon stirs legumes.  the screen grabs authority.  the edge is bent by wind.  the horizon burns gently in yellow strips.  salt dries the lips' hinge.  

Chapter: 284

the spittle struggles against mass' pull.  crystals glow on the skin.  dog hair lies on the toilet seat.  the threat gives birth to alternatives.  water fuses the gaps.  a hammer falls in the evening.  a miscount leads to the surplus.  

Chapter: 285

the 14 stones are each as large as a house.  grain sogs between the cheek and gum.  mattresses soak the room's humidity and dust.  the woman wears a mask of sadness.  a burner's warmth is the constant.  numbness fades from the calf.  gangly white flesh waves around the missing head.  all the vectors are silly.  

Chapter: 286

the string lights dangle, dormant.  ears perk in the quiet.  infinity separates the foot from a road.  each layered rule is identified in the infinite onion.  skin blends into the grout.  the obsolete is replaced.  gray cooks up the salmon flesh.  paint splatters reach the wicker edge.  the lightning forms a metaphor.  the divot is a mite's canyon.  rain announces its arrival through the rapid rings.  juice drips on the pollen stains.  the runner disturbs its nest.  a bomb burns the sand to glass.  

Chapter: 287

leafy detritus appears to move with intention.  the licorice clumps.  to find the motion requires focus.  the next makes seventy.  the dance mocks intention.  the plumbing defrays pressure in hitches.  the needle points obliquely.  a pyramid eye has the tail of a cat.  fingernails dig at the bite site.  

Chapter: 288

the rubbing produces eruptions.  waves increase the algae uptime.  a luggage flap leans against the dresser.  a tongue darts over the sugared rim.  weather edits the gravestones.  the drips come out in refrigerator cadenzas.  the name settles into place.  the gigantic stone arches under a pagoda roof.  the flight muscles oxidize sugar.  the new head shines brightest.  sunfish hover in the static kill zone.  eyelids dip over the crescent pupils.  the children banish any melancholy morsel.  

Chapter: 289

the order is for seventy-eight sentences.  a tap unsettles the wisps.  what is public is the confidence.  the true water eludes.  

the one falls outside all data points.  the foundation has many facets.  the falling stone relinquishes potential.  the blue glass conducts no electrons.  the apples that fell upwards are no longer there.  a cat dances around the empty bowl.  the trees rub their tendriled fingers.  the cushion wedges into a corner of the seat.  the stone tears at intestinal lining.  spectral rooms extend over the hill.  the flies taste with their legs.  

Chapter: 290

wild heather sprawls along the old trail.  the words become visible as spoken.  the boxes are reused.  the latch is iron.  software transposes the visual to music.  boredome follows the solution.  each loop connects to the last.  caps bob with the strokes.  

the skull-adorned bottle upends over rice.  

Chapter: 291

the shafts dive over a smile.  the water grows stale.  the hinges peel from their frame.  conditioner takes the color of lox.  the darkening coincides with a rise in wind.  the flame winks with a snap.  

Chapter: 292

a sudden gust tears the fragment free.  a seed skitters down the upturned canoe.  the dead branch thwacks wetly.  spittle smears the screen.  bladder insistence overcomes the control.  its alphaed descriptive overlays the image.  the rat traps are never checked.  

Chapter: 293

the clouds lock in cruise.  tissue descends into the dirty chamber.  

the echoes of buzzing deceive.  wet mail disintegrates in the hand.  the stream is not conscious.  a tear forms in the dense rust.  the gas degrades in frigid temperature.  a bubble aches for the surface.  

Chapter: 294

darkened half-moons drape below the eyes.  the design was assembled in China Model A1403.  the planet exudes a graviton trail.  

residue streamers flows from the blade.  cloud cover slings across the aerial map.  laughter hits the volume cap.  the ash wastes no time to shed.  the cormorant suns on a forgotten post.  the tick buries itself in a waistband.  the current flows up.  the sky segments in multitone.  the lobster is timidly tossed.  a cricket nymph struts the page.  

Chapter: 295

the breathing stops with recognition.  weaving dogs stitch the time.  the curtain is covered with images of fruit.  toes curl to grip the porcelain.  weather makes the interior cozy.  the accomplishments in solitude demand self-comment.  pickers enjoy the fruits of their labor.  grain nuggets nestle in the raspberry's pocket.  the below is above.  deodorant overpowers the musk.  

Chapter: 296

sweet rot odor lifts from the leaves.  two buttons allow the analog alignment.  suddenly the blue is incomprehensively mute.  a solo breaks the rhythm's bindings.  blood flows along the avenues.  compression sends the locks straight out.  

Chapter: 297

the naive puff on sticks of local virtue.  the eyebrow becomes a wing.  the mountains: blackness, silence and snow.  the cantor chews a pastry.  a conga worms through the enervations.  the threat is biological.  

Chapter: 298

the orange coat deters violence.  the point where curtains converge with transparency.  an ice island sinks into the wood ocean.  

plunger down seals the drain.  sunglare forces the retreat.  hard chunks are called the cork.  

Chapter: 299

a stomach rejects the fast food.  the buds cause paranoia.  atmosphere reflects the heat.  a needle pierces the leaf's skin.  silence breaks up the sounds.  the definite article trumps an indefinite one.  the sensation of text permeates a waking muscle.  calmness reigns in the core.  a tree leans towards the path of its impending descent.  the profile makes manifold profiles.  the exercises are desperate.  the outlines resist pinpoints.  

Chapter: 300

the plaque suggests "take time to nurture the garden within".  the house's shadow stretches into a field.  the fat roll plugs a follicle.  liquid does not trigger the sweetness buds.  its leg segments lie flat on the cover.  

Chapter: 301

the hole allows it to hook.  the concept divorces from its engineering.  the planes are evident by their soft, dopplered hum.  the stone was cut by glaciers.  eyelids crack to admit the works.  

the chainsaw slices it clean.  the voice stumbles on a tongue twister.  the fag jumps from quivering fingers.  

Chapter: 302

plastic tubing encases the coil.  

200 year old windows ripple the reflection.  one box is circled on the calendar.  the capsule contents go up a nose.  gentle pressure eases the jaws open.  macro's illusion engulfs the micro.  the birds blow their cover in ascending spirals.  shadows are lost in the sunset glow.  a lid closes on the day's blueberry quota.  a label spirals into the murky depths.  

Chapter: 303

the light flushes in massive gravity.  the print chips from a polyester bend.  oil leaks on the grip.  sunlight puzzles the tree-covered path.  

Chapter: 304

the algae weighs wind to a standstill.  amorphous orange swims on the closed lid.  the starter chokes dry.  the valve requires strength.  the ritual is to piss under a dangling key.  one patch of sod lies between the fern beds.  the treasure map opens a new continent.  the flow responds to internal crisis.  tiny hands trace the carotid.  brown patches recede in the green.  

Chapter: 305

consciousness emerges from the negotiation.  neural pulses synchronize to the hypnotic tune.  the burn stops at a sock.  kelp-beds churn in the sea.  moisture gases from the lip.  no carpet covers the heated stone.  wood piles under the tarpaulin.  seed clouds whirl over the inlet.  the acid is a plus.  the filling-up highlights capacity.  the exit is for Canaan.  

Chapter: 306

sight fails at the letter's discernment.  the stillness seems to weigh.  the drain's whirlpool flails on its stalk.  the bushes don't bud till August.  

the cinnamon comes in pockets of dough.  the dog takes the average of 3 positions.  the music was fashioned from basic material.  a blade takes its place in the lawn's whole.  the "I" of an eye wanders.  the nose reads what vision cannot.  

Chapter: 307

loose skin dangles below the stomach.  the fist takes out a doll.  a cauliflower represents the Americas.  the knot becomes a distorted clock.  the error rate increases within time.  the clarinet flowers.  data rises to the clouds.  

Chapter: 308

a mosquito suicides in the canine mouth.  the fish consumes without conscience.  

teeth flip the lettuce bits.  the seven will get fifty.  the river reeks of sea.  rot creeps into the habanero.  the atomic element is a character.  

Chapter: 309

the pre-recording skips on wildcards.  fingers incidentally crack the beetle.  the blue line abstracts from its passing.  a search is on, through meatspace and the virtual.  the shoes bronze in a hall of fame.  

a blur of crickets arises in the room's silence.  

Chapter: 310

the same sentence twice.  a page gets beat up in the margins.  food ages by the minute.  the deer-flies buzz on a strafing run.  the early efforts show more pep.  the fragile frames swing on precarious hinges.  rain defeats the canvas.  the dirt dries to dust.  

Chapter: 311

this time the clouds are invisible.  water rushing through the rust is missing.  an inhale distends the nostril.  white froth forms around the pillar.  fear drops from the familiar.  the leg is made of 3 lobes.  the inhale forges a commerce with toxins.  blossoms float paler than the stalk.  the plough patterns form near perfect rectangles.  pipes muscle the water from well to faucet.  

Chapter: 312

the ferns ignore a fallen comrade.  

the bone-handled knife quiver in a turkey.  a polyp inflates in the intestines.  low sunlight glints against the polished wood.  purple shampoo fills the plastic.  the lens burned its leg clean.  the bench is scuffed at its edges.  the table balances on a mass-market.  a nail secures the window.  

Chapter: 313

probability is expressed between the zero and the one.  the shift is contracted.  spices numb the soft tissue.  the wailing stops abruptly.  the soft soap contains aloe.  the appearance overwhelms its objective correlate.  the inner finds an analogue on its surface.  

Chapter: 314

the dark sod chokes a tree.  a split allows the table to breathe.  the bear will not stare directly at it.  light paws make no noise on the plush.  the moment eschews its why.  the rod twirls them open.  a bullet burns the air.  the medium revises its grammar.  

the signs read "Bob's Your Uncle".  the treads drive gravel in.  the purpose of a block is lost.  construction grows like the grass.  a frowning face takes shape in the trunk.  time stops in the mechanical clock.  the tube bends free of the pen case.  

Chapter: 315

the well-worn glass delivers pepper.  the bathwater runs a yam-skin brown.  

the notebook costs $2.19.  eye-pouches fatten near the moldy walls.  plumage swerves from the carrot's head.  moisture sags the angled wall.  the restlessness leads to a cloud.  fading reds and yellows overcome the green.  moisture extends the nose's hook.  the virtual is erased in proliferation.  the parrot rocks on its axle.  

Chapter: 316

the three babes become intrepid.  wings graze the gilded tips.  the ladder has goal posts.  the bowels urge alacrity.  a leaf walks across the water.  

Chapter: 317

vapor rises into the shade.  the bag blows up against a table leg.  the wood line warps to a bow.  the eyes have it.  the mysterious rationale for sex.  briefs cover the pelvis in bright orange.  the laugh lines force an imperfect symmetry.  the lifeless shells pose for a seasonal sculpture.  

Chapter: 318

the stranger was divorced from history.  

each error is preserved in the scrawl.  clipping pepper the drying sink.  the ritual erodes anonymity.  recognition focuses on the phoneme.  water shuffles through the downturned leaves.  the glass medallions tinkle in gentle breeze.  the dream is still here.  without a tube, the toilet paper warps to a diamond.  fascination finds the odd design.  scratches darken on the tile.  fear crystallizes into the figure.  breath layers the cloudy pane.  

Chapter: 319

fresh paint traps the lead.  curves lend action to the motionless room.  hide trembles at the thunder.  a flag waves on the peninsula.  the air sighs through illuminated raindrop pollen hazes.  the sole relishes a bathmat.  heat makes inroads in the pool's periphery.  the vornado's whirr absorbs into ambiance.  eastern sun swings by the southern houses.  the rocks lie in their abandoned positions.  

Chapter: 320

coffee smell penetrates the bathroom.  the drops come fat and heavy.  the blueberries sink in a bed of yoghurt.  an empty shell twists from the invisible wires.  the lungs take in an apple.  

evening falls on the Tappan Zee.  a sickly leaf curls upon the edge of the wood.  an ankle turns at the corner.  the crows frighten.  wind rattles the hinges.  the adolescent feels growth in his shins.  

Chapter: 321

an "n" is left off the end.  each author has a table in the whole.  birds arrange along the rim.  the stomach knot aches for release.  the body leaves no bones.  the curve of a curve is curved.  ear wax topography displays on q-tip.  geese trade the V for chaos.  sticks bend on the flat ice.  waves gasp at the broadside.  fruit flies dance with the Jezebel spirit.  

Chapter: 322

the pipe is not a pipe.  the hiss hangs by a thread.  the waves' lips are unkissable.  a ring distinguishes itself from the entropic cloud.  jelly squeezes through the closed mouth.  the button light shivers.  an arm snaps to the new mark.  the branches are swept by an ocean of particles.  these breaths well up the Y-axis.  

Chapter: 323

pressure lifts the door.  the breath blows a carriage of vapor.  the stone is used for shade.  the next up is assyrian blood.  the counter was formed from different wood.  it sums by visualizing the numbers.  thirteen more makes the week.  the emergences emerge in minute variations.  blood weaves through the yellow striations.  one sodden pinecone forms the beachhead.  light ascends the coiled filament.  

Chapter: 324

wind whistles past the ear.  close inspection of the lamplight reveals precipitation.  a ball skids on the shale pitch.  sopping napkins stick to the dust.  rose light differentiates the face of a single gable.  the roots and walls ease into equilibrium.  the names for living things are buried in bureaucracy.  ministrations follow the perforated lines.  belongings slowly diffuse through the house.  the water pot sighs as it turns itself off.  

the horsefly wears armor.  the milkfat reaches ten percent.  

Chapter: 325

the switch obliterates darkness.  the music draws a secure perimeter.  gold-limned clouds daub the horizon.  batteries weigh down the pocket.  warts carry the identity.  the sky feathers speak of rain.  

Chapter: 326

the melody leads on to more melody.  the alarm is set to zero.  glass distorts the distant stone.  swelling forms notches for the legs.  the rubbery hum arrives on its way.  the run-off separates in mid-flight.  a bucket sloshes against the knee.  cool stars twinkle in the silver basin.  yellow bleeds through the smeared sky.  a sparkle storm arrives in the sheets.  the lower section recalls a spindle.  

a cable runs from the lamp's foundation.  sweaters adorn the canine couple.  rainwater sloshes under the bow.  the moth is mistaken for bronze arrowhead.  the irises were lately denuded.  the numbers wink in transition.  ink fudges the character.  mice bed against the carburetor.  

Chapter: 327

the smell of filled diaper bleeds through a door.  the brakes sigh in irritation.  language embodies the system-product ambiguity.  the triptych depicts its traversal of a field.  the bee bathes in a pollen bath.  the gills emit cool air.  the subtitles precede speech.  the pillars have their polygonal counterpart.  a car's speed aligns with the speed of weather.  pink is the soft side.  the sentence is mined for aspects.  a beard grows evenly down the neck.  notes were lit in the reflections off pale skin.  the mirrored face is begging.  the effort winds down.  a chainsaw gnaws through the soundscape.  

Chapter: 328

the smile reveals a toothless gap.  the material is in this item.  the erosions seal soap to bar.  the light finds itself off.  an injection of cream softens the tart.  the list of the's varies without discrimination.  an orange light correlates to the black screen.  the corpse leaves an impression in sheets.  fighters whittle the convoy.  habanero burns on the cornea.  the case cracks down by a connector.  

Chapter: 329

pin needles stick to the moist skin.  

pepper seeds stick to the knife's flat.  the leaves arrange in varying stages of desiccation.  the bird banks silently.  a tourniquet slows the effluence.  

the jets shoot ink.  the palm turns 45(degrees) from center.  the trousers tear off into shorts.  life preservers cushion the head.  

urine scares off the scavengers.  a normal reads the light.  a zip code silently invokes the weather.  the loop slackens around a thumb.  the grammar still holds.  the chanting smacks of lubrication.  

Chapter: 330

gnats volley with the wind.  on the end of the stone wall, green lichen.  the mule is a dead branch.  foliage thins at the wind's plea.  a bee lazes under the gutter.  oils solidify in the skin's apertures.  

Chapter: 331

hours dominate the minutes.  vapor pauses at the window.  

a hair escapes the sponge.  needle snouts nip at the butter.  the new web is a persistent cloud.  this time the memory distends it.  the coccoon phase begins.  

Chapter: 332

extremities lead the way through darkness.  a pool forms around the rear wheels.  a fresh one searches over the desiccated.  the utensil is a beacon for memory.  the corporal becomes general.  the accomplishments get tallied.  a muzzle pounds the floor.  physics suppress the miracle.  

the book's lithium is crystal.  the coffee is as cold as surrounding air.  the molecules slow to solid form.  

Chapter: 333

yoghurt bakes into the enamel.  the thunder opens like a door on runners.  the wounded muscles shrink.  

the grasses lighten at pond's edge.  salt puckers the fingertip.  the football inflates to fifty pounds.  brass sinks bend in the doorknob.  

spiderwebs vein the air between.  earrings tug the soft flesh.  flanks brush against the goldenrod.  dust-vines dangle from the ceiling vent.  below the blue flower is a white flower with yellow eyes.  the worms are unseen gardeners.  bourbon overlays the sunset.  

Chapter: 334

morning disappears into the prior night.  the need for slavery is offloaded to machines.  rotting needles obscure the labyrinth.  a rake carves zen gardens into the beach.  the identity slips from grasp.  white mustache cover the red lip.  clear liquid presses from the cut.  the testosterone appears like a credit score.  all the remains slowly flicker on their descent.  the thought whorl is made manageable by successive detachments.  the bound washers line up.  

Chapter: 335

the rusty screw fits in a hook.  orcs scramble up the ladders.  dogs bark over the screams of plumbing.  inside light overcomes the outer.  the bodies writhe in a sea of hormones.  the original gets typed up.  

Chapter: 336

the white hair emerges victorious.  acidic bitterness lurks in the aftertaste.  the windshield runs with imperceptible impacts.  the time is quantified in swallows.  a leaf shadow catches the periphery.  the tick swirls down in spiraling moisture.  the article rises to a distribution's apex.  the cereal waits for milk.  

Chapter: 337

blind blades shimmer in the draughts.  a repaired instrument catches the nuances.  the legs frame a recessed panel of darker wood.  their passage spoils the morning's effort.  there's more shit where the one came from.  the hinges lock gutter to shingle.  new pollen nodes attract the morning post.  

Chapter: 338

the interior auburn is surrounded in green.  a sole encounters the old gum.  the cap is attached by chain.  tipping reveals the cup's bottom.  leaves mass around the wrinkled skin.  the bush stiffens against attention.  a shadow homogenizes the colors.  

Chapter: 339

a pack finds solace in the social.  two stems cross in the dead leaf whorl.  eyes scan the pages for signs of immortality.  ignorance is the real plea.  a head circles between the legs.  corpuscles surge across the cornea.  an open door allows the bat egress.  on the cover, its title is exemplified.  the voice finds its metaphor in bitter coffee.  the slithering sticks in memory.  

two trunks diverge from the blackened wood.  a fixture inclines towards the sink.  the poem hangs on a departmental staircase.  

wheels crackle over the gravel.  

Chapter: 340

the way leads on to way.  fans furiously batter the vapor.  hair collects outside the door's arc.  current branches through the multiple rooms.  a scab impedes the healing.  fentanyl finds the pathway.  

airflow is gentle in the chamber.  the precious juice escapes through a leak.  signs map to the circuits.  a ball curls around the straining fingers.  blood collects in the eye bags.  

Chapter: 341

decay as the life-raft for grubs.  the rumors spread like an electric virus.  the smaller cut releases more flavor.  a page lifts in the wind's microtunnel.  

menthol suffuses the lower cavity.  the barn beams fall off from parallel.  red clay stains the drains and toilets.  

Chapter: 342

plastic stays on the new strawberry.  the wax tear hangs from a wire.  the flat second arrests attention.  the jaw's force splits a tongue.  water slaps back at the skin.  the poker stokes.  a six is divided by the circled two.  each turn stretches the sockets.  

Chapter: 343

the finger slides to unlock.  buttocks separate the rungs.  the unique cloud creates a category.  the one door closes while another opens.  crystal prisms bloom through the "Rainbow Peephole".  garbage piles under the stairs.  what the ear receives becomes layered.  its bulbous head hovers over the sand.  a vowel takes the most time.  metrics collapse before the choice.  the tongue goes raw on a cough drop.  

Chapter: 344

arguments mortar the interstices of proposition.  the data is pulled to make new debris.  one leaf catches between the fence links.  florets wiggle in the wind.  one leaf serves as the eddy's buoy.  

the apertures pattern as a snowflake.  

sunlight blurs the edges of a gutter.  a page is barely visible under the faint LED.  the 4-winged predator comes to rest on an edge.  

Chapter: 345

the virus flies in a tiny droplet.  currency economies destroy the art.  the person stirs.  the almonds disintegrate between molars.  mucus spans the frayed tissue edges.  the cardinal recoils from people.  a bear shits on the road.  minnows weave in the sun-drenched shallows.  the swatter delivers swift death.  orange boils on the dirty windows.  the branches toss a bit on their anchors.  the loon wears a sidecar.  

Chapter: 346

a twist eliminates the faucet drip.  the blood-filled fly heavy.  tissues respond to the aroma of salt and seaweed.  the rope wears its projection into grass.  the sonic impact creates a new source.  death at the apex proves healthy.  the chainsaw insists.  

forelegs hoist the rest.  a green face dominates the label.  cereal mixes sweet with the grain.  

Chapter: 347

the cuff forms a watertight seal.  the plastic bubbles are heat scars.  leaves wink in low sun like afternoon on the river's top.  the curiosity results in cruelty.  the moon appears through deep blue.  buttocks loom through the window.  the poster was stitched in cloth.  the recyclables go behind a can.  pus fountains from its escape route.  cold revises the tree bank.  lacquer clouds the solution.  

Chapter: 348

The brass tongue is a switch.  the ratings apply to a completed life.  the dog scuttles to retreat.  an ugly blend of the dead tongues.  burnt glycerine stains the porcelain.  

the receipt's title is "Hannaford".  a stick segments the patch.  

a cold mutes the softer sounds.  the shitter localizes private time.  the step admits no doubt.  the birth name is Aristocles.  

Chapter: 349

the roles emerge.  the stars shyly emerge under focus.  a cramp bursts the bubble of sleep.  relief trails behind the crisis.  the bones' curve becomes a hump.  the mushroom sports blue whale gills.  the ions wind out of existence.  cuttings spray from the spinning nylon.  the bodies are arranged for effect.  its flat body tongues the lily.  

the effluence of liquid burns.  the audio is inaudible.  the welcome stone reddens under standing rain.  

Chapter: 350

the wind barely registers.  a man deets himself to get the screens up.  the cone bubbles with impossible bass.  the form imposes over chaos.  

the card is coded for second floor access.  bias forms the weather of arrangement.  laughter syncs to the woodpecker.  grout wedges break on the roof tile.  

Chapter: 351

the canopy liquefies under mandibular jackhammers.  yellow flowers provide the only color.  the metal tongue fits to a thumb.  the particle sheds blue in combustion.  the leaves' disorder is relegated to corners.  the joy is being aligned.  the tight air spits with precision.  two languages face each other over the spine.  large shapes move across the upper field.  hands close over the toes.  bacteria bags up the solid waste.  wheels decode the gravel.  

the runoff wears a groove.  the machine's innards are visible through glass.  the road left a hill standing tall and brown behind.  the study studies itself.  another page reads "obsolete word constructions".  

Chapter: 352

the tongue stretches to admit a foot.  a taste of its skin remains in the cider.  the spider confederation sends a huge contingent.  the congealing suggests blunted entropy.  

the old man shuffles into a privacy invasion.  vapor cools rapidly in the tube.  blurred reflection hides the disturbance.  the blood carries no coagulant.  the mirror falls face down.  

Chapter: 353

plastic gems crosshatch the surface.  the clamp adheres to nothing.  disparate rooms harmonize the odors.  the flame spits out a flake of ash.  the beetle curls back its antennae in a wash of breath.  the key has long been lost.  the sunday fits into nine hundred pages.  the fat hornet sports two waists.  

the wheels scramble for a foothold.  the tension relaxes to nausea.  the neck's hues signify gender.  scavengers will take care of the husk.  the skin's avenues are painted in uniform colors.  the erection is composed of screws.  foam rots in the silty bucket.  a peach pit dries in the mulch.  

Chapter: 354

the siren-loud doorbell leaves relief in its wake.  the number of screws is overkill.  rain smears the walls of air.  raked detritus dries on the makeshift tarp.  motors race across the boiling slate.  the right rear is set to high.  the intonation contours of communication are achieved.  the mouths meet on a paddle boat.  the gears no longer align.  

Chapter: 355

a kayak returns from the limit of tension.  the heel-skin sports its own martian map.  a finger scrolls down the week day.  the sponge engulfs a spot.  radiation lags behind the light.  the small one attempts to persist.  yelps precede the reeling in.  a new screws does the work of two.  

Chapter: 356

abuse blackens the heart.  sadness finds its analogue in the weeping.  the window fits twelve panes.  the ants lift their dead with ease.  a fragrance complements the body's own.  a cardinal provides the only red.  two screws wing the stopper.  a knob scrapes the vaulted ceiling.  a towel secures the dripping's source.  

Chapter: 357

a beast stretches its neck against the lawn grain.  sky shards glint in the groundwater.  relief at the moment of its escape.  the tubes shred gutter leaves.  

figures blend with foliage at the layer of depth.  

prosody delineates the degree of homonymity.  a vein worms, blood-blue, across the shin.  the bridgeworks shudders into its stability.  the wooden arms flow into static claws.  blueberries follow the milk.  

Chapter: 358

bread and wine are for the one alone.  the light patches give away its position.  translucent filaments sway from the chair's arm.  the tag slips through its own loop.  the trapped fluid eddies.  

the dinghy keeps equipment afloat.  flowered plastic peeks above the zipper.  

Chapter: 359

the door kisses open.  tree shadows overwhelm the house shadow.  the dried mud breaks down to component parts.  the torso bends to touch hand to knee.  a blue spark persists in the blades.  the horse counts to 2 twice.  

Chapter: 360

scissors sever the umbilical.  clamps hold the heart open.  the mind burns in darkness.  the moon forms its pupil.  a spasm creates the grin.  the boxers show an equilibrium.  northern campaigns have drawn most of the inhabitants away.  the count of flowers crests 300.  the wasp is on its last functional leg.  notions agree on the time.  the tuning is asymmetric.  

enclosed in the universe of Disney.  fruit ages to the color of viscera.  the toes detach a slipper.  

Chapter: 361

viri wait at the boundary.  the question concerns nomenclature.  a flattened squirrel freezes for the spatula.  a hand greases the stairwell knob.  one buttercup survives the slaughter.  the hormones enforce emergent will.  

Chapter: 362

voices from the eaves whisper a play's simulacrum.  waste piles up in the bottleneck.  the music is independent of the story.  one knot lies near the nail head.  the open set is empty.  a mosquito tosses on the abandoned lime.  the ants build turrets against rainwater.  the pen cap moves loosely in its seat.  a branching divines the trunk.  mica flakes the wave-crests.  sweat glistens within the walls of a V.  the nothing was reported.  the flat flower expands into a seed sphere.  

Chapter: 363

a line of carpenters ploughs the pollen.  the hypos expel comet water.  a new appliance adds to the sense of timelessness.  rain strafes the windows.  the change was a painful birth.  the bed divides into lobes.  its transformation is the illusion.  green onions darken at the tips.  grass browns around the dried puddle.  

Chapter: 364

blinds' leak stains the "E".  the tick makes for a waistband.  the canteen clinks against a buckle.  

was the singer dancing or seizing?  the young child asks "am I important".  a clamp wounds the paint.  a hand cautiously lights on the wolf's flank.  lunatics are off the path.  the moist feathers bunch at eight o'clock.  

Chapter: 365

rain hisses on the man-hole.  the cars disappear without sound.  the white buds cluster in cords.  the alarm takes second priority.  one ball is always in the air.  the foot dangles over claw-marks.  the magnificence of zinc flame flashes to dust.  

the $10K is for dry cleaning.  twenties begin in the seventies.  the birds arrive to pick at seeds and worms.  the red sounds depart.  the chair swallows a small child.  the screen door latch doesn't quite catch.  the pixels arrange in wire trapezoids.  

Chapter: 366

the sockets gape in wonder.  wave pools collect in the dimples.  the thin line of available power yellows.  the laundry starts at lunch.  the drop smacks into a dotted line.  as the door shuts, laughter winks out.  

Chapter: 367

the missed call icon clears.  the bed sighs to flaccidity.  the bus brakes feed back.  piss zones bound the territory.  the inward force pushes gravity out.  the trail is marked with pink ribbons.  each second is sleepy withe the smell of oranges.  the boundaries of a sentence overlap understanding.  chlorophyl flows to the leaves.  the texture has a taste.  dried secretions mortar the lashes.  the grin hits a roadblock.  

Chapter: 368

a snapped artery recoils toward the pelvis.  a guitar bends with the handle.  sunlight bisects the porch.  the fingertips rap in cascade.  the stir fry is sprinkled with pumpkin seeds.  its death grip survives the wings' decay.  a plug turns them into floaters in the vortex.  

Chapter: 369

sunlight casts a forest of filaments on the far wall.  evidence clears from the workbench.  

ferment impregnates the jar.  shavings stick in the shaver head.  

a fly finds the fallow room.  a curtain proves too weak to move the hair.  a kindness betrays the forces of good.  

the rubber case is metallic.  droppings spackle the windshield.  

Chapter: 370

a carpenter crawls up the gutter's vertical planes.  the spider neglects to respond.  

yellowed rocks scrape the boat's bottom.  stabbing pain accompanies the motion.  as wind picks up, the pamphlets stir.  a fly senses the hand before it strikes.  

the events prohibit repetition.  

spice persists in the waste.  flaccid balloons bob barely above the dance floor.  the bubble swells striated with surface blood.  the arm lifts a bundle of gray sky.  the mind contracts with itself.  batteries bump in the metal sheath.  

Chapter: 371

screws make divots in the skin.  the plough-teeth catch on broken pavement.  a hair folds along the sock's grain.  

the buttocks blurt compressed gas.  a lone bird occludes the northern edge of clouds.  the economics of black coffee in the sun.  the program projects virtual mcguffins into meatspace.  the current erases all traces of an airborne fish.  the info perceives other info.  rooms fill with the taste of old strawberries.  shadows disappear into the uniform diffusions.  small pools thread the air.  knives shoot from the compact crests.  the powder sticks to peanut butter.  

Chapter: 372

the currents divide in fuzzy layers.  startled, the jay takes wing.  the computer screen matches twilight.  the glass melts in a blue-orange popsicle.  clumps of four form the largest intelligible.  

Chapter: 373

the moth hides as a dew sparkle.  tiny grains sink into the yellow yoke.  the letters puree to syrup.  the dew makes its triumphant return.  the chairs need reweaving.  the disparate climatological zones of a front porch.  buttercups lift at the base of an oak.  the focus changes what objects are in motion.  the lease is for the moors.  beads shake in the net.  

there's an eye to the grass tip.  

Chapter: 374

the dead leaves wrestle for stasis.  the goals turn hateful.  the snow leopard is rarely seen.  the help has lost its way.  shadows mock the intentional strokes.  the glaze settles distance.  an eggy odor of bile lingers in the throat.  

Chapter: 375

the lone harvester is armored.  the skin peels to more skin.  the three axes meet at a hard point.  the generations gauge acceptable losses.  the breeze blows a chariot of vapor.  crude coffee drawings stain the porcelain.  

the smoke tastes of spearmint and watermelon.  one spout pops between the cracks.  frequency plummets as the pot fills.  ink collects at the tip.  

Chapter: 376

a handle is curved like the wave of a grip.  sauce passes through the ziti's pipe.  coffee hides in the moustache.  ants caravan to the rot.  sweat pastes the pale skin.  probes required to identify the soreness.  dead leaves and new shoots turn up in the teeth.  a chip appears in the stone vulva.  the raft vibrates between two anchors.  

Chapter: 377

a shirt fades on the curtain rod.  legibility rises in the fall of elegance.  

its steering system goes haywire above the surface.  an empty soft case collapses with exhaustion.  a foot pushes the socks into sandals.  sunlight glistens through the eyebrow.  one pixel dies in the solar cell.  the mower quarantines short grass.  the beetles make love in mid-air.  cross-hatched matte frays under the body's weight.  the singer "s" invokes encryption.  the air barely moves.  

Chapter: 378

the yellow smile lolls on its stem.  the day's structure erodes to zero.  the corner crumbles first.  writing ends for the decade.  a yam-root probes the soil.  the midday shade minimizes.  the flavorless has flavor.  swollen tissue ribs the horizon.  

Chapter: 379

children swirl around the ball.  the buzzing halts enclosed in petals.  the 6 keys are for pitch adjustment.  the leaves hover in peace.  "honesty" is lost on the page.  the battery fits behind a leg.  the puddles achieve equilibrium.  

parasites dangle from the lower lip.  the venom destroys awareness.  

heat currents wind about the calves.  chicory mixes in the granular solution.  the code is indecipherable.  

the yellow dominates.  the lance releases pressure.  the prisoners squat in a handcuff daisychain.  the butcher's block has no home.  dust swells between the teeth.  

Chapter: 380

a black body swells at the ribcage.  ash remains in the attitude of wood-coal.  kneecaps gaze out through the window.  rain thuds into the window frames.  a timer tracks the ice-making.  the bulb's pop rains dust.  

Chapter: 381

the quartet sings a capella.  the flipped boat becomes a shell.  a mist wave collides with the fence.  holidays interrupt the calendar silence.  surrounding space dwarfs the raspberry.  stiff legs barely make the steps.  the constant movement is too slow to perceive.  wax collects on the bathtub rim.  

Chapter: 382

the reflection is indistinguishable.  gums peel back from the roots.  the words crumble into constituent characters.  the poses embody each arrogance.  blurred words persist down the page.  the winch defrays wood weight.  the mowed field offers no further camouflage.  its doors conform to the skin.  the bullfrog coughs drily.  a bee leaves no clover unvisited.  

Chapter: 383

power lines bend between the poles.  the ravens arrive for pizza.  the red towers over green.  pressure on the pocket burns the battery.  "Snowbound" is written on top of the page.  the guests answer in a ragged chorus.  the children learn to cut a liver.  the arising solution was systems-thinking.  

Chapter: 384

the soft cotton makes a home for wayward hair.  

ephemeral mirages flit on the forward road.  a body falls into the cool couch.  the cat tests its makeshift womb.  a rake filters out the sand.  silver flows in the molar's valley.  a lone carpenter explores the tile.  a sweatshirt preserves the darkness.  

Chapter: 385

away from the phone, daydreams begin.  without input, the printer adjusts itself.  buoys bob under disparate influences.  overcast skies distribute the fading light.

over and over the watched pot boils.  waves smother the lone perch.  insects glitter the glowing nets.  

Chapter: 386

spasms yank the toe from its mooring.  the smeared letters snap to.  the roof angles through an apartment.  

paint splashes on the glowing orb.  

the potting soil smells of fish.  ovulation hits the paragraph three times.  

sediment works through the blockages.  the path has no signs.  the book collection is ordered by color.  the alarm synthesizes a harmless forest.  the butterfly flexes on a clover flower.  the squirrel climbs a pale brick.  the matches come in octagonal boxes.  the perch requires adjustments.  drag marks soften in the sand.  

Chapter: 387

the warm front shows its back.  vertically-sliced pupils take in the boat basin.  

the sipping gurgles.  a circular saw severs the pathways.  the mowed lines weaken with age.  gray sky squeaks through the massed branches.  the ambience resolves to a dominant rhythm.  the plug has eyes and a mouth.  the last name abbreviates to rot.  a sky zips across the sun.  the count reaches eleven hundred sixty-one.  all the legs parabolize away from its tablet body.  a calloused pad sweeps hair from the page.  the garden route is obvious.  the body was made of cobalt.  moisture swells the wood.  

Chapter: 388

rough paper chafes the tender tissue.  stars hide behind the blue.  the old woman's words dull through the walls.  the pupil dilates in mirrored parabolas.  

Chapter: 389

the patterns are unthinkable.  the mug leaves slivers on tissue.  the sensual curves of a detachable head.  

expertise increases the duration of conditions.  a forklift accident snuffs the power.  the medication is imperfect.  

Chapter: 390

the river soaks up its posts.  insects burrow and die in the corner cracks.  glare quivers under the chin.  a spider drops to the leaves with a plop.  the fields go in a controlled burn.  a mind grows aware of the life clock.  a loon translocates beneath the surface.  a graph demonstrates the tonal quality.  no chamber fits the unobservable.  the clarity gives way to force.  

a song redounds upon the singer.  a fat roll slopes from the chin.  the toy weather evolves in 2 dimensions.  the work captures every minute motion.  a prodigal returns to absorb the changes.  the moth-wings flex alternating patterns.  

Chapter: 391

coolness blossoms through the window.  the molten glass cools in a teardrop.  reverse belches the warning.  the hand and heart conjoin.  a road trip forms the anteroom to paradise.  the name precedes existence.  air screams through the crack.  

Chapter: 392

the washer wads.  the firm stake wallows in muddy ground.  a star explodes in the bottle.  the joke strings a potentially endless oppositive.  bamboo tissues soak up the sperm.  the phone plays Candyass.  a nail arches back into the toe.  long shorts cover the bite mark.  the feather claws at fabric.  

hormone lines of the distributed organism describe networks.  

Chapter: 393

the shelf rests on tiny spades.  its whole mass exits the water.  tongue lapping crests the ambient electric hum.  rust at the bottom of a sink's vent.  penetration becomes the focus.  sound is never the same.  

Chapter: 394

the trunk's handle sticks at angle.  the lip brushes another's.  the toilet brush leans inside a bathing jug.  sleeping slows the withdrawal.  

Chapter: 395

light worms between the foam and boards.  the sheep share warmth under a lone tree.  in a rich scene, white flowers catch the eye.  the leaves trifoliate.  inaccessible dirt forms a monument to the year's work.  

Chapter: 396

the cacophony begins on an empty stomach.  sniffs quiver the whole torso.  the eyes' shutters dance in a quick puff.  the clouds close like colanders.  the pulp smooths to paper.  marachinos candy in the gin's gym.  

Chapter: 397

cold damp curls the bookmark.  the dumpster leaks on black plastic.  time flits towards the arrow's tip.  the regime ends in regicide.  drops fall at the prescribed rate.  two watery strands glisten off the slipper.  the screamed desire disintegrates at half a mile.  one hand sunblocks the other.  ducks on the wing coalesce.  a faint footprint transforms the landscape.  

Chapter: 398

the cloud smells of pomegranate and coconut.  the branches prove a jumping puzzle.  the tube leads to mercury.  aerosole clouds caress themselves in the beams.  

Chapter: 399

a deer's leg, rigid and straight, angles upwards into the humid air.  a poem paints upon the lens.  bird shit runs away in the rain.  the color is distinguished by reflectivity.  the statements is a fact.  motors sigh in the crowded distance.  grass and bushes catch the gentle chorus.  skimmers carve comets on the rippled mirror.  all strands converge in the penultimate episode.  glass grain casts across the opened book.  rubber caps cover the orifices.  

Chapter: 400

the sentence was delivered without emotion.  a sour smell leaks from the dumpster.  the bed forms a reflective membrane.  the iamb is its heartbeat.  a brunette hair clamp idles at the edge of a tumble.  the tree frog croak is mistaken for crickets.  just then "Boodle" sees the balloon.  a screw disappears between the boards.  the rings come into brief life.  a key word points to the empty set.  a stake marks the approximate mean.  dried algae soils the styrofoam.  moisture digests the wood.  the digits indicate a tipping point.  

Chapter: 401

honey dribbles over the radish.  letters rust on the fake nickel.  wind blows the old rain off in showers.  

the bottleneck is not a bottle's neck.  power lines glint through the evergreens.  ants converge on the peanut butter disruption.  the falling fan creates recrimination.  the last anxiety flows out through its tail.  corrugated waves lift up the dangling foam.  difference becomes significant at the largest distances.  the chair is mostly air.  alerts linger after the gunshots.  

Chapter: 402

quadrupeds jog on plaques of sunlight.  the recognition turns to awareness.  

branches depend from the broken joints.  it pulls on the stalk to make clouds.  the portable folds under a coat rack.  the broken clasp clicks as he shuffles.  slick mushrooms gleam in the ragu.  the thin fish scramble into a school.  the haze lifts from static barges.  eyes form beneath the seat of I.  the confidence rises with innuendo.  a bump runs the horizon's middle.  divorced from its context, the note turns to nonsense.  a worm of point curls over the hinge.  the sunblock is transparent.  the refractions are what make a burst.  cold needles shoot through the compressed sole.  

Chapter: 403

the thimble's location deceives.  the blankets come in blue and red.  the nose deforms to touch.  the windows shoot sun shards.  the body bobs on invisible legs.  startled, the glands pump adrenaline.  

near the elliptical narrows, change comes slower.  white fungus peeks out of the decay.  the bricks pulse heat.  humidity lolls down the stairs.  a river the color of lead.  eyes gaze into the mirror of their lids.  

Chapter: 404

the lashes create two mercurys.  the plumber leads with its distended belly.  the waves arrive, folding sky.  light penetrates only the few feet.  the chances increase by afternoon.  filth settles to the bottom.  

Chapter: 405

connections bring out the color.  a flopping slipper plumes the dust.  a hand feels for the fan.  the three are imbalanced.  the vents whir.  the paint-chip pattern is different for each.  a wave travels the length of a worm.  a butt catches on the lip.  the knees' outsides brush carpet.  

the shell becomes a lizard.  all birds go for the blueberries.  a black bean can sits on a corner of the desks.  

Chapter: 406

the sound of its presence is too bright.  the mice avoid it.  the patterns might shift across time.  the continuous is incomprehensible.  

Chapter: 407

the torso forms a skin of sweat.  a jaw pushes the smoke out in little circles.  the birthday hits on primes.  the flower placard pierces earth.  occluding branches send flashes to the periphery.  a man apes swallowing the earth.  a push on the tab unlatches the drawer.  a rainbow slices the sky's apple.  

Chapter: 408

awareness was layered on the experience.  a secret life of grubs carries on below the grass.  a fly dies right in the dust pan.  the ants push and pull a twig for months.  the motor's breath is long and even.  a nozzle jacks to the Danube.  jet trails loosen in the sky.  

the pencil's tip barely touches a newsletter.  the talk submits to explication.  

the metal dog reclines on gray wall-to-wall.  

every sound is the music.  halogens flash above the tree line.  

Chapter: 409

pebbles fall from the eyes.  tentative, purple buds are the first to appear.  the works have not yet settled.  the fish slap on volcanic rock.  the bulk beneath is always as thick.  a post sets stage for the climbing bean.  the drip knows no end.  a knife hums in the wood block.  

Chapter: 410

the reflected world runs away from its extruded surface.  the tree is categorized by its fleshy root.  blossoms parade in the wind.  bacterial genocide begins in the stomach.  the morning bed is a tick graveyard.  the type is fully justified.  the mound is built on tree roots.  

Chapter: 411

the wires coil around sopping cloth.  shavings dust the bowl.  blazing beauty fries the retinae.  the fungus masquerades as wood.  the articles specify.  each is the exact replica of a masterpiece.  the notch passes a midpoint.  sky sparks through the massed branches.  

a peach shows fondle bruises.  the breeze brings a new arrangement of the world.  strobes unmoor the critical senses.  

Chapter: 412

the forward slash indicates a sub-directory.  ash burns a hole in the membrane.  rabbits flatten their faces to the ceiling.  the cat churns a fading scarf.  the weekend is designated for constant work.  

the geese are splashed on dull blue clouds.  the video balances on a throw pillow.  the fridge kicks into gear.  there were seven "terrific"s in the spoken paragraph.  its tiny body the dot in a cloud of legs.  the green surrounds interior auburn.  

Chapter: 413

ants climb the Sisyphus leaf.  in later stages of the disease, all vision is of white mist.  a tight limit perfects the heel.  plugs form the simplest recognizable face.  the new regimen is psychoactive.  

Chapter: 414

a novel loves the microscopic.  

evening cools the watery flutter of a wing.  honed mastery opens the field.  misery drives the hunkering.  first frost lingers last in the gutter.  the world loses a way of being given.  the currency was just a promise.  coffee shoots past the missing glass.  cars slow down for the scene.  the faces return to ignorance.  the page's dampness is palpable through a pen.  the names of tiny stars are spoken.  the broadcast replaces a publication.  

Chapter: 415

grape blossoms pop in the petaled complex.  a broom pushes the sugared carcasses.  

the proboscis probes for sustenance.  the skin reknits.  the cosmic flavor was vanilla.  the moon emerges in afternoon skies.  

Chapter: 416

the tossed clipping falls short.  air above the dock becomes familiar with dragonflies.  low shelves back the chocolate couch.  the silence is interrupted.  

the exfoliation means it is working.  the topmost branches rave.  

Chapter: 417

the electric guitar chirrups over a bass phrase.  outside the snow was swirling.  the inflamed sinuses trumpet.  entropy wins in the landslide.  the acacia shrub contains gum arabic.  cold fingers roll the pen.  the fall came in July.  the hand lifts half-heartedly.  

Chapter: 418

the vegenaise makes a difference.  the knob has 6 leaves of open air.  the cloud layers cinch up a hole.  the wounds swarm with flies.  an electric hum runs up the legs.  the sneeze flaps lips.  the habanero is smooth and glossy.  the rocker's detail goes dark on a stormy morning.  tree rustle converges with the highway.  the dusky blonde puckers lips.  "hope" springs from the random number generator.  the scars emboss its character.  the coffee tins are two for five.  old snotrags wad in the wash.  

Chapter: 419

the wind's menace shifts from sun into shade.  the elevation serves to disconnect.  a soaked callous crumbles to the fingernail.  this is the brain in mud.  the toes taste bitter and musky.  

the iron dumbbells read "10".   the dragonfly zips to a stop.  chants make the wood hum.  

the written is a solo.  

the losses prove permanent.  the language fits inside language.  the windows gaze through hollyhocks.  

lemons roll across the tile.  the stone is unturned.  shadow is built from the light.  

a hard twist cuts the flow by a factor of three.  the vase's complex webbings show no pattern.  blue patches mark the edges of a system.  breezes struggle in the teary air.  the blue is calmer.  

the handle shines against green shadow.  

Chapter: 420

reality runs like the engine.  vinegar cooks in the heat chamber.  the sun breaks on an ocean of headstones.  the blue smudge is a jay.  the spin sheds momentum.  

Chapter: 421

paint bunches on the blemish.  the scarf ties into an ascot.  the transcendent connection recedes without seams.  the syrup refines its palatability.  

the list of nouns sparkles like rock candy on a string.  the house fly curls its checkered section.  the curling glass spits into light.  rusted tin allows the droplets.  each portion's part dwindles in the expanding whole.  

Chapter: 422

a colony forms from the sophistication of followers.  the colon sighs with relief.  the plastic flowers never change.  viscosity creates the masquerade of condensation.  the barely visible edges turn out to be reflection.  the canoe cuts through a collection of needles and seeds.  

KQQK is the moniker of this wavelength.  jelly separates the cheeks.  VGA connects to the OEM.  the word breaks at its syllables.  the soldiers promise never again to fight on soil.  the hornet seeks a rain-drain's refuge.  a stretch accentuates the weak spot.  its spine appears when reaching the exact middle.  

Chapter: 423

the odors grow stale and disappear.  the rescue was its own reward.  the new one takes its place.  a knife cuts at the point of tension.  whiskers ridge the fore-muzzle.  the airs are adopted.  moss overgrows the inscription.  the smoker moves to cover.  the body recoils to move forward.  the till uproots a web of capillaries.  stems leave moisture on the scale.  the dust is pushed into a line.  the sunbather smacks her canine lips.  barking ruptures the peace.  it feels the press of its waste.  

Chapter: 424

cumulus converge towards a gap in the hills.  the sore breaks through a hard shell.  the mist lingers for a spell.  hands wring out the final droplets.  

the clothes are distributed across bedframes.  the quote derives from "the Lively Lady and Captain Caution".  parasites hide in petals of the black-eyed susan.  the two vents create a crosscurrent of comfort.  a layer of fatigue interposes between the thought and its words.  

Chapter: 425

liquid creeps down the chamber's sides.  a month detaches from the coil binding.  

the glass screen is greased with prints.  water rises to the bowl's lip.  the tiny green pupil sports white feather lashes.  the dryer spins angrily.  gas presses against the weakened aperture.  bellows push the cork to its home.  the flower's moment is a constellation of seeds.  the smeared oil creates a hologram.  garbage goes down the hatch.  windows lend eyes to the sloping nose.  the car wheels grip packed dirt.  the undercurrents collaborate with wind.  the waiting room breeds confidence.  butterfly requires the feet together.  

Chapter: 426

a coat hangs from the dragonfly's tail.  new shoots stretch the maple.  the book was 3349 pages vertically and 4980 horizontally.  

an ash is sacrificed for the greater good.  the calmest turn rabid.  the leaves flip on and off.  3D clouds project 2D shadows on the 3D lake.  a camp shirt makes the makeshift curtain.  the belt goes between her breasts.  the plane is missing a message.  the silence indicates readiness.  

Chapter: 427

the browning end forms a seal.  wind stirs the flakes.  the faders offer just enough friction.  the rusting metal lacks a function.  gold limns the quadruped's fur.  autumn slaves to the former abundance.  the monarch scrambles to traverse hair legs.  the cat luxuriates on a chocolate pillow.  the coops are lit yellow by night.  a bog forms in the mouth.  wet earth cradles the decaying corpse.  

Chapter: 428

the water freezes without wind.  the everything is said to be a lie.  the horizon limns with green aurora.  seals form on the dangling threads.  the spider poses for an icon.  one screw is missing the nut.  the rhythm runs through a paragraph.  

Chapter: 429

gas rumbles under the comforter.  the sentence's structure diverges from that of its fact.  the museum of historic department stores.  the soundscape loses distinction.  the asymptote rises one unit from infinity.  the river otter's vocalizations include a whistle.  dry tongue sticks on the palate's paste.  the tweet time was everything.  

Chapter: 430

the pause is set to rest.  

one fly awakens with a spasm.  the effect is weighed against process.  the table edge bears teeth marks.  the sky urinates on a floor.  

Chapter: 431

wind chimes recede in the whir of a vendor cart.  the stare is a potential kiss.  thin needles lodge in the spine.  bodies sprawl from the head clash.  peanuts, cashews and pumpkin mash up in the mouth.  

the flat end curls.  cold perfects the crystal.  morning sinks to the bottom of prior night.  the cords lead to the sockets.  the clouds roar with engines.  the colon's message reaches consciousness.  

Chapter: 432

choice manifests as the function of blood sugar.  grass cover encrypts the pillbug exodus.  yellowed labels peel from the metal.  

its underbelly bleaches in a flotilla of the dead.  the metaphor of a scattered seed peppers its universe.  menstrual blood fertilizes the window-bed.  the white rock crisps on distant prominences.  the protrusions are asymmetric.  the warm air moves out.  

Chapter: 433

all that's left is silver film floating on the surface.  the subsiding heat affords a new silence.  oil subverts the scab's adhesion.  a hornet bangs the eco-lite.  the fragments may lead to dead ends.  

Chapter: 434

a motor fountains foam into the wake.  nature is building the machines.  caulk collects the spatter.  the pressure builds.  the hammer's head rusts.  fingers tug at the lip ring.  the hunting coat was provided by dognotgone.com.  

Chapter: 435

a strand snaps back from its oil trap.  the boat carries indiscernible faces.  spearmint flushes through the nostrils.  new moths comb the cuttings.  the leech applies its topical coumadin.  

the ant line mountaineers a dishwasher.  the clouds respect what sight does not.  the cats find the sun.  the opener wraps in a leather case.  

Chapter: 436

the layers stimulate to spasticity.  the raft tracks and rotates on its dual restraints.  the breasts point away from a neck.  the spine snaps releasing resin.  mowings tremble in the breeze.  stems fill the 3-inch diameter.  the heart fails its landscape.  shadows panic the lawn.  

Chapter: 437

Monday appears one box to the right.  

one is for the files.  

the heavy odor of dissolved detergent streams from a vent.  freed from their bonds, the arm hairs awaken.  a winking flashlight reifies the darkness.  fans shred the vaporous figures.  the twilight arrives against a backdrop.  all the leavings of pathos sum in circumstance.  the hood is arranged in a smile.  the Polaris is called a jeep.  the memory erodes across systems.  the rain begins to freeze.  the beans conform to a backside.  broken trees color the dappled brilliance.  the reward is a paper cone of water.  the fog turns a corner.  

Chapter: 438

the faces mouth one word.  the front is for shopping.  energy escapes the air.  waves hit bunched-up leaves on the shore.  

pill powder sticks to the back of a spoon.  cut teeth score the board.  the cheese bubbles through shimmering air.  

Chapter: 439

scat share the box with poison pellets.  the bark peels in ragged rolls of parchment.  the bottle opens to "Happy Birthday."  the lapping comes in short bursts.  none of the books was not written.  the denuded vines form a print.  a bent cap misses the bin.  

Chapter: 440

the failure follows upon failure.  a metronome emerges from the steady drip.  dissatisfaction seems the steady state.  the plastic coils disintegrate.  dust frosts the inner pane.  the analog reds are warm.  

Chapter: 441

crossbreeze carries the wisp.  bouquets blossom on the eyelid.  the exposed thread frays into fuzz.  

salt goes over the left shoulder.  the inscription reads "for Geordie, 1845".  fog folds in the air.  dust illuminates the pane.  the mechanical cigar blows clouds.  the gravestone is edited.  beetles fuck in the air.  ash stars fly above the flames.  a thoughtless breath stirs the leaf.  the fingers extend down from Canada.  the stain shows a dropped level.  the rain came under cover of night.  the curtains billow inwards.  

Chapter: 442

the dryer clots.  smoke billows over the unchanging.  the rules proscribe exchange with foreign nationals.  dust encroaches on the door's arc.  the beach chair is abandoned on a dock.  here a rose, there the clump of aconite.  crosscurrents massage the sweat from skin.  the hallway mirror hangs askew.  the hands form a seagull in shadow.  muscles shift under the thumb's pressure.  the logs fall in a tree-ringed circus.  wrinkles arrange in ellipses about the knuckles.  

Chapter: 443

the dane wags its pendulous diller.  squirrels chirr into the quiet.  the tip depresses a string.  a pier fades in the early snowfall.sunlight borrows from the river.  behind the illusion lies no mind.  its organic program is wired in the mind.  applause dribbles over the disgrace.  the two bugs traverse as one.  the thread that runs through is ingenuity.  

Chapter: 444

the white wash washes over a power line.  from distance the land resolves in tableaux.  the imaginary copies are without an original model.  a squirrel scurries through the gym of branches.  the prongs lie in open view.  shadows mouth at the unconquered light.  thighs close to save the tablet.  

Chapter: 445

the metal is slate.  the asparagus gets triple cut.  the pore breathes around a rooted hair.  plastic curls from the wall.  the tape suppresses conduction.  the whir of a toaster fits neatly in a good mood.  

Chapter: 446

the wasp obeys its unstable paradigm.  the bats fall, too.  an utterance is ascribed to the anonymous past.  eyes curve to the side.  the spice is a natural anti-inflammatory.  the shapes number in the 10^500 range.  the sentence is read while standing.  the toilet is stained with red clay.  the bodies are wrapped in layers of skin.  the command plucks each relevant part.  a fat leaf seals the door for freshness.  

Chapter: 447

the young one blues at its crown.  chants swell in the distance.  a brown wake vees from the rotor.  the creak is its sonic manifestation.  effort retracts in the presence of despair.  communities of vapor occlude the sun.  lips squeeze to deny the morsel.  plane lights flash through the trees.  

the pages turn as consumed.  

Chapter: 448

the text adds new temporal dimensions.  the odor of rotting leaves sweetens a bannister.  the silt bubbles out in gouts.  a child bites into the liver.  a sip of water removes the taste.  sand slides beneath the foot.  the left leg quivers on descent.  the hexagon stretches to low-resolution ellipse.  

Chapter: 449

the sign reads "admiration".  the phase was its final one.  the sleeping form fades with age.  the wav compresses into FLAC.  the rings dissolve from sight.  the webs erode to dust on its handled cap.  the tarp prohibits encroachment.  a match is set to the balled-up tissue.  the wood chips form an impassable line.  the sum of rubbed wings is deafening.  the starling's appearance is forgotten.  the green shit dries brown.  fading ambience brings out the ear's crickets.  the debate begins with drawn guns.  liquid chocolate spurts from the nozzle.  a fingertip rolls the radio band.  the fridge's face is covered in faces.  

Chapter: 450

a storm bleeds through the branches' gaps.  

miles get sucked between the wheels.  a fan troubles the thick air.  the ones threatening a house will be brought low.  a coal shover crosses the line between bricks.  urine courses through the urethra.  grass retains its identity in the scat.  dispensers bind the rug in clear tape.  

Chapter: 451

sound is swallowed in the open atmosphere.  shards burst from the wooden jaws.  a photo freezes the golden age.  the collisions rip a hole in space.  fingers push a towel to the interior.  in a backward gaze, the tendons stretch taut.  

organization fills the schedules.  the cataract bends light irrationally.  a divot lies south of the rug edge.  breakfast aromas filter down to beds.  

Chapter: 452

the abdominal tension blends through awareness' blinds.  over there, the dream is still.  the daddy-long-legs dies dangling.  footprints ossify in the loam.  love tingles in the crotch.  sun prints distorted boxes on the clamshells.  the sideways "U" is for entailment.  a snot rag lies on the rubber cover.  the E is higher than an H factor.  this time the code is morse.  a spider spins its home across coffee grounds.  the beauty is thrust upon it.  agitation falters in the laughter.  

Chapter: 453

the email handles asynchronous truth.  the forward view faces isolation.  the scratches evaporate in backlight.  the sun's moment passes.  

Chapter: 454

one sap droplet bonds with the metal.  morning sun burns at the thin layers.  the house deteriorates.  every sentence is the novel.  the rubbed skin turns rubbery.  the curvature is made by spinning.  a thread comes loose to whiten the lace.  

resin collects on the screw.  its dribbling stains the fabric.  base value dictates the language.  the sun has disappeared in gray diffusion.  the soundscape gains distinction.  

Chapter: 455

faces grow pallid in the fading light.  the pen lifts between letters.  the squirrel's fate was disembowelment.  dandelion tufts ride on the air.  a proboscis invades the skin.  a boathouse tucks the duck away in shadow.  dry hair meets the moist lip.  the sky is in another scale.  speed overrules the sentences.  the frozen persists in flakes and crystal.  nodes enlarge on the white cloth.  

Chapter: 456

burnt plastic suffuses the laundry room.  the solicitor leverages manners.  contours form globes in the floating miasma.  the rubber thrums below hearing.  the burnt plastic odor stifles conversation.  the aging towels smell sour.  murmurs cover the field.  feet chafe on the stiff carpet.  

Chapter: 457

the effluence is mostly moist.  the temperature hits sixty.  a hat drops next to the other shoe.  the table-pots festoon with cloth bouquets.  the child paddles inside its mother's legs.  rain accumulates to drench the cuffs.  

Chapter: 458

lip smacks mark the change in thought.  it rains in the chamber.  

the juice darkens with its own burnt excess.  the thoughts and prayers go out.  the levels fall according to perceived need.  one section puffs from the rafters.  the system allows for a bird's warning.  a twig breaks the wedge of flame.  explosions obliterate the evidence.  that tank balances on its nozzle.  each year's name differs from the last.  

Chapter: 459

cool air blows from the gills.  

a seed's wing disintegrates on the windowsill.  a finger probes the plastic rectum.  the avatar instantiates an identity.  the island's shadow bifurcates a hill.  the lens swivels into place.  air drags at the flat face.  

the porch-wood swells with dampness.  letter peel from the instructions.  the brush was cleared to the woods.  the tens become twenties.  

Chapter: 460

here is the something it is like to be you.  a massive planter sits empty on the old stone wall.  the portrait points with its nose.  a corner doesn't quite fit the porcelain.  the acorns are stars on a clear night.  a red wave appears under the new word.  a voice rebounds through the trees.  the hitpoints are removed by lightsaber.  a parade of engines drifts past the solitude.  the twenty-five are not enough.  ground heaps in the red plastic scoop.  

Chapter: 461

a sweater unravels at the sprung ridge.  protective plastic peels at the corners.  a neutrino ignores the known rules.  the presidents lie under peas.  casings in the bright crook of a shadow.  evaporation fades short of the triscuits.  the beetles rush upward like burning newspaper.  the branch bows.  ignorance is the real answer.  no one is waiting in the foyer.  

Chapter: 462

harbor lights fuzz on the window wires.  reality takes a backseat to the language.  a purple duvet rolls up from the horizon.  the absent pot leaves a ring.  the bridge is made of candy.  moroccan oil is its name.  the ear distinguishes nothing.  skin rouges around the straps.  

surrounding atmosphere tunes to the wing's beat.  showers crystallize the sunlight in late afternoon.  

salts lend peppermint to the bathwater.  two children stop on green in the square.  the deer's head crowned in whorling parasites.  blue ink strikes through the pencil.  

Chapter: 463

expulsion cinches to form the rib.  stones grease in the haze.  connective tissue tears in the stretch.  a mirror adjusts on the coil.  the evidence of a tail ossifies.  beads of rainwater dissuade the seating.  air gasps from the cracked lid.  each view loses the particulars of its composition.  

cool wind and the hot sun cohabitate.  skin rouges up to the water line.  claws hood the stair carpet.  in the distance, one red cats-eye burns.  recess is the favorite.  the defecation comes in different colored ages.  terror is evident in the goosebumps.  melted wax pours through the aperture.  each sentence corresponds to the appropriate finger.  

Chapter: 464

no leaf grows from the same height.  the blade falls first.  flowing echoes envelop the massed trunks.   the idea of an old flame passes through and away.  the texture of lips translates through a phone.  darkness is the known now.  the skill is upgraded to inapplicability.  

Chapter: 465

the intuitive readjustments manage to release it.  a nipple hardens in the palm.  the ceiling is awash with fissures and peels.  elastic holds the pages together.  in still, heavy air, the sweat begins to run.  the atomizer hisses.  the comments do not pay.  

Chapter: 466

a nest sits in the moist corner of a broken plank.  the fat spider swings above watermelon.  the news disappears in a flash.  eastern waters echo the sunset's pink.  the nail disappears into flesh.  

the green sky oppresses.  

Chapter: 467

the peak is attributed to widows.  fingertips trace the brow's wrinkles.  black stitches drift from the teeth.  the lake's fulmination is constant, slow and effortless.  a bedframe wounds the paint.  

Chapter: 468

tar smears the toilet paper.  an estate branches into the roots of a future.  the goose's arrival explodes a cloud.  a possum head rolls from under the table.  eyes arrange the flowers to please.  a spider flattens at the corner.  doors compress the air.  some of the dust sparkles.  the hood strings thread through metal rings.  

Chapter: 469

the hero balks at suicide.  the word is homonym for bore.  the images cease to be processed.  the currents draw a bow from point to point.  few become the many.  at night can be heard the cracks of watermelon growing.  gray gives way to green in the burn off.  

the seat is streaked with eras of mild issue.  artists collect in the area bars.  the monitor reveals a convex eye.  the stars bend time.  the top wedge sets an indent.  a label warns of the child's strangulation.  

Chapter: 470

mother-of-pearl inlays the Quran stand.  turbulence moves through the rooms.  

the thunder's distance provides some solace.  brows catch the forehead's descending force.  intention guides the raft.  pruning staves off the crisis.  the white fur yellows.  

Chapter: 471

wind makes glistening shoots on the water.  

the rules appear where there aren't any.  fibers smooth the exodus.  a power line runs below the run off.  the tiny particles chalk a blouse.  the flowers prove found meaning.  

an arrow pulls the word back.  the latch's tongue works below paint.  the field waits for distant wind.  algae lines the dark side of a spiral.  a path was moved to the garden.  water, running back, makes wisps of the pollen.  

Chapter: 472

aerosol sediment gathers in the tip.  rain beads in silver on the bent stem.  the music repeats into blurs.  a whip cracks over the reindeer.  the dessert attends a clean plate.  over a written page, the mind intends "ctrl-s".  the acidity becomes more apparent as it cools.  the water bubbles up in lensed combs.  the flash of a jacket turns into a jay.  the largest letters spell "Vita Veg".  

Chapter: 473

Horatio Hornblower brought rapture to the mouths.  

the running mist erodes in tiny eddies.  

a sentence preserves the thing.  

the chipmunk transforms from a branch.  the claw clicks hotter than a sun.  the waste basket was woven tight with thick string and bark.  a bush branch browns in the wild green.  the covalence is marriage.  leaves shimmer around the dancing trunk.  the vacant nest resembles laval ash.  the body falls with respect.  the water moves on.  the tired voices blur to bee buzz.  two quick circles invoke the special.  

Chapter: 474

the tissue moistens to receive.  the morsel exposes itself on all sides.  the shower head reforms into a cobra.  the loon disappears in rings.  a mirror reveals the broken skin.  the half-life is seventy-two hours.  the wildlife scatters around a lumbering oaf.  the book is full of marvels.  

Chapter: 475

a sunset echoes red to the eastern waters.  stagnant pools form in the sinuses.  the bill hammers for bugs.  western rooms retain the cool.  a cheek waits for the professionals.  the tweeter's in a navel.  rainwater streaks the stone stair.  

the wave's welts are momentary.  

a phaser spalshes the bass.  

Chapter: 476

the trace leaves no event.  the tab twists off to foil children.  water itself works the water wheel.  the routine runs on startup.  the afternoon sun yellows with strain.  the lonely lapping precludes other sound.  the trucks bulk coalesces in thick snow.  a hand closes around the free weight.  moving on, the branches lose focus.  the urges bank at indecision.  stench straddles the top wall.  the paste hides a pill.  the hooks hang empty.  dust conforms to the wind shelter.  the car jolts and skids into lower gear.  the overdub floats with arpeggios.  

Chapter: 477

the walls form a false barrier.  the guano falls silently on canvas.  its wound turns the color of bark.  marigolds spill from the newspaper cone.  

Chapter: 478

fingers spread pollen on the crotch.  hands warm in effluences of the press.  the fungus rings outward in brightening hues.  orthogonals determine the light's direction.  the notebook is weighted towards blank.  

Chapter: 479

its head rotates orthogonally to the body's axis.  

liquid burns in the bottom of a cavity.  the level lowers over time.  the grip is not rubber.  the plane lands on its approaching shadow.  meditation mixes with the house sounds.  skin burns on the upper deck.  the button mounts a cotton tuft.  moonlight lathers the lakefront.  rectangles dominate from the outside in.  a canine pokes between the lips.  a bug slams into the temple and falls.  

Chapter: 480

ivory hints shimmer in the green darkness.  the man asks if she wants her "blob".  whiskers brush the parting lips.  protection peels toward the center.  the flanger comes with its own power supply.  cold moisture seeps into the skin.  

Chapter: 481

pans burn on the slide.  paint streaks the love horizon.  leaves amalgamate in the sop.  the muscles begin to lock.  droplets remain on the lining.  three points meet to form a corner.  sunrises glazes the windows with dull fire.  the chambers alternate between bigger and small.  the skin's cleanliness rises to consciousness.  the red registers seventy clicks.  the light switch breaks into "on".  a pool forms in the teaspoon.  a slice soaks the last dab of hummus.  

Chapter: 482

the smoke ring skids to a stop.  floorboards balance the bevel.  chuckles litter the dumpster.  isolation falls into the abstract.  

the sight line passes through rooms.  webs curtain the berry's orifice.  the threads stick in their slippery slope.  the hind's sight was never 20-20.  the intestines stiffen.  the spider spreads in classical style.  

mouths add to the fog.  submit a sentencerushing proves the enemy of detail.  

Chapter: 483

the pages' dampness provides a clue.  clouds drop the temp by 10.  the book is full of strange terrors.  lips clench with the effort.  clouds vibrate on the surface.  the pretty one catches a case.  

Chapter: 484

a lake provides a context for the manifestation of things.  one round stick marks the ditch emergence.  the choices are manifold.  

the sac burns till popped.  the torrents of tears gush over lawns.  the "drive" and "safe" are separate offerings.  the milk boundaries become indistinct.  the speech relaxes into music.  caffeine smooths out the morning's mood.  the head shrinking is performed behind door number two.  

Chapter: 485

the buttons remind of lost purpose.  the quota average drops with excess.  the relative finds its release.  a gray aluminum roof roils the fog in chaotic spirals.  the lottery illuminates a face.  corkboard displays a legend for the keys.  

Chapter: 486

details dissolve in the oceanic solution.  two posts crown the hard back.  the home is broken promise.  the dial and cycle move one to one.  the spider masks as paint dust.  blood glimmers in the chandelier's facets.  

golden light spills from the buttercup.  fog whispers through the desiccated branches.  phoebes arrive on the well box.  the possibilities slip away.  

Chapter: 487

the local became a seedbed of honesty.  

sounds sweep away under the dome.  pasta refuse collects on the rim.  gamma rays penetrate the sandals.  a falling stone pumps snow into the swirl.  the particle is best described by its attributes.  

Chapter: 488

the basement requires less attention.  a bridge freezes before the road.  the dungeon is called Spindlecrutch.  the back aches against a strut.  all the light derives from power.  the sound architecture bespeaks an opposite motion.  the pennies are too numerous to count.  the rinds tumble off a plate.  

rushes of air disturb the wheat combs.  written characters align to the left margin.  swirling winds cradle the walls.  dirt floats gently from the skin.  the men wade through humidity.  someone bit the apple.  

Chapter: 489

sleep arrives more often for the aged.  moisture peels from the brick face.  the artist reads "this is me".  the eye forms part of a stem.  filthy water rises in the bowl.  a piper finds the canoe's edge.  the same energy spreads over wider areas.  the morning's difference rises from its average.  tongues catch on the point.  a heart slides back from the mouth.  the gaps are defined by darkness.  

the fish leap with mouths distended.  

Chapter: 490

the clowns still weep as they laugh.  oranges rot in the hold.  beetles roil in the refuse.  the packaging returns to boxes.  

what might prey on the hummingbird?  the oxidized twig flares a nostril.  the sink makes a good case to a being beyond phenomena.  the lightning rods stand in tripods.  

Chapter: 491

the toothbrush shivers to life.  a sound coexists with the absence of noise.  a tuft of gray settles into the grass canopy.  heat settles in the valley's tunnel.  a virus torpedos the cell's identity.  

the program falls under a linguistic spell.  

Chapter: 492

light bends around the thigh.  the simple lines run through color.  shoulders shade in the bending of a truss rod.  the song screams against its cranial canvas.  the smart dress marginalizes purple.  the ringed flyers blur into a clef.  

Chapter: 493

a tower of lettuce stands in the colander.  the fingers weave a code of letters.  gray peppers the temple brown.  the popguns are coming closer.  the extra weight serves as memory.  dying light flattens the foreground.  

Chapter: 494

the cry ended in a guttural chirr.  the held muscle unbinds.  a bee checks the cloverless zone.  cars creep beyond the cranes.  as a page lifts, inkless pen grooves catch in the periphery.  

flowers smoke in the instant before consumption.  an ant generation parses the mantle.  the slow drift of a wire's shadow fakes permanence.  sight blurs in the cloud's bulk.  the blue-eyed feathers interlace.  

Chapter: 495

"6/27 (cont)" marks the top margin.  indirect light turns the room green.  the hoof makes a G flat.  the mirror stares deeply into a mirror.  boots skid on the moss.  sometimes the count rises in multiples of 8.  danger creeps beneath the floorboards.  the head arches backward after every sentence.  the model performs as if.  

Chapter: 496

the insect's meat is made of ash.  page count turns the corner.  the bats map a conical landscape.  the "loathing" sounds like worms.  a butterfly pauses at the unstable tail.  

a plum pit dries in the tree bed.  the cell community embarks together.  

the belt end resists curvature.  from a roof, mountain lines show through the tree-tops.  the sun rounds a corner.  gray tufts hang from the jaw.  the plastic glass has one blue flower.  the meanings stack in a dusty corner.  each individual spreads the communal path.  a sentence contains one "the".  

Chapter: 497

the fat thumb depresses a thigh.  standing water publishes the records of evaporation.  the pecking is a triplet.  a save goes into the cloud.  

the silver gray surface fills with minor motion.  the drips insist on action.  the beating heart does not escape.  automation predicts the next position.  the cormorant attends to its fatal flaw.  the water feels willing.  

Chapter: 498

coughing gets in the way.  the roots dry up in time.  cold finds the exposed toe.  the rainbowed bubble pops.  the seasons return to a day.  sunlight rebounds over the tunneled street.  

Chapter: 499

the dull cover represses color.  the drips suspend into icicles.  the read sections are highlighted yellow.  forearms cross to hold the head.  photos make a temple of the wallpaper.  the pen has much more to give.  the storm burns heat from a room.  ivory dips in the greasy water.  

the craft is abstracted to rules.  

Chapter: 500

the gaze delves into a past.  the hook finds a home.  skin peels to present the meat.  the jet leaves destruction in its wake.  a wisp of the torn roll hovers.  pressure condenses wrinkles on the chair back.  a trapezoid secures the archway.  

a bubble wiggles through the liquid.  the puncture breaks concentration.  the town belongs to Rockland County.  the flat foot steps out.  

Chapter: 501

cellular automata work on the pixelated word.  in the mirror are bedframes, a toilet kit and striped sweatpants.  the massive naked oak's sod is black.  the wings stir air behind a bush.  the bag of oranges resembles a textbook molecule.  the courtesy triumphs over veracity.  a toe catches in the fault.  

Chapter: 502

through distant branches, the break hints.  the hum of ambience pulses with the blood.  

maples shall inherit the forest.  refractions shrink the true extent.  the surface presents a jungle of refraction.  the fan blades disappear in motion.  an elbow pushes at the ribs.  estrogen floats free from the plastic sides.  

Chapter: 503

clouds swell to the room's size.  the light balance shifts from outside to in.  open strings accentuate the room.  

the pause arises in a strand of mucusal spittle.  the coils are heated by battery.  the molecules determine texture.  tissue catches in the bramble's barbs.  years of dust convene a dirty film.  the tags clink gently on a collar.  the forest invisibly encroaches.  a mushroom lamp is affixed to the angle.  

Chapter: 504

the carnations rot sickly sweet.  the visible stone forms and ice-cream cone.  fern leaves ignore the motions of Jupiter.  thoughts divaricate from the impulse to think.  parents nudge the carcass overboard.  the intestinal odor stops at a door.  a twisting bruised pulp of cord attaches at the belly.  

Chapter: 505

a faded mountain lies below the cloud line.  pillows tilt the head.  heads fall for the feint.  

pink varies the output in octaves.  sharp edges begin to blur at the approach.  needles marinate in the shallows.  the dates are written in pencil.  the recrimination turns to vomit.  shoots break through the sand.  the spears sputter into flight.  the lake sizzles with a new sun.  the bullfrog dives to reposition.  

Chapter: 506

a vagina-shaped tear appears in the mesh.  edges darken with the closing.  sight metaphors for the almighty camera.  the sinew is made of mucus.  the bumper sticker peels at its corners.  each plaque tells the circumscribed story.  the juice mixes maple and black currant.  the maggots are born from meat.  

Chapter: 507

shaken cubes slip into the grid.  the roof falls in jagged chunks.  ankles pass the window by.  the pills stretch past a month.  the fires pose for an instant on skin.  the spins correlate.  the compass is clasped by leather.  the spine snakes.  disquiet in the stillness.  

Chapter: 508

this experience was titled "the neutral box".  the games reaches a fail state.  

rotation plays with the page's space.  rooms shed the sheltering image.  the button icon swells at a touch.  the cube of seconds proves transcendent.  wounding appears in the eyes.  dust collects on the base-board's landing.  guitars mask the arrival of cars.  boredom is the failure.  the crushed bodies are now just wet dust.  sobbing delays the practical.  a rod fits to a hole in the knob.  boats come out in the carpet's aftermath.  

Chapter: 509

the interior is done in honey.  the sail's green drifts into blues and yellows.  

the labyrinth is a mere spiral.  a window emblematizes the disguise of thought.  the water fans around a thumb.  the birds are long gone into deeper woods.   a lone motorcycle chops up the soundscape.  the light ends over an ocean of headstones.  the prior months burn slowly.  the ears angle in awkward semaphore.  

a lower jowel juts with the "r"-ed vowel.  

Chapter: 510

juices wake for the season.  the body unfurls in expression.  guitars chime in the processor.  a tongue rakes residue from the fur.  ginger burns brightly on the tongue.  a tail distinguishes the "u".  a bent fag hangs from the mouth.  fins fit the inner ear.  

Chapter: 511

an icon for the air-flow functions.  weakened light drips on the sock.  the dried husks resemble cigars.  shells stick in the mouth's chamber.  

Chapter: 512

flowers on the handtowels fade over decades.  between the branches, a field of ruins.  the leaves saturated to blackness.  the dew burns quickly.  

a fat node stretches the skin.  an ant navigates the repellant shelf.  rouge instantiates the red.  The six was rolled by chance.  the honey smacks of a maple.  gravel levels to the road's ridge.  the next stop is one two five.  the overcast sky de-emphasizes difference.  

Chapter: 513

dish soap softens the burn.  every step ticks towards the downhill.  dried mucus pokes from the breast pocket.  a toe reddens at the touch of water.  the dead branches barely sway.  a shadow precedes the body.  tomorrow gives pause to the breath.  the city glows scene right.  the hooks resemble recessed eyes.  

refractions scale the tub's creamy floor.  the certainty flails against entropy.  the sentence is radioed in.  water whips through the underbrush.  

Chapter: 514

the song counts back from a hundred.  

a branch tumbles to rest against the grass tips.  bowels worry the gas through.  new coffee covers the stains.  

ice crunches between the molars.  each element in the density is an image.  the case collapses on pillows.  wind blasts water from the trees.  drying proves its undoing.  

regurgitation clumps the hair into logs.  clocks move evenly through different times.  the possible arrangements represented by N to the N minus 1.  beams waver with the branches.  

Chapter: 515

the mouth wears grooves of disappointment.  spell check applies to the pen.  drama unfolds in the case of illusory murder.  coyotes swim through the tall grass.  no piece is the atomic.  

climate is meant as the weather.  

the foam head rots in a bucket.  the fog bends composite light.  

indigestible history written on the window brace.  green light encircles the pressed button.  a box-cutter tears at the tensions.  dreams commission the mobi.  the suburb smells of smoke.  a tongue picks up the trail of sugar.  clothes groove their age lines in the dryer.  

Chapter: 516

raindrops tremble from the handle.  open doors let the bugs in.  the sounds are never explained.  the scribbles take shape in context.  wax detritus collects on the grater.  a print flattens the cloth.  a mother fills the time with soup.  the petal's fur rests over November.  the reflex is to save.  

Chapter: 517

the man provides "the eyes".  the fog wins back under cloud cover.  the insect twists its gelatinous eyes.  some of the birds speak in clear sentences.  carcasses catch in the broom's bristles.  the closet door is barely cracked.  the air around it smells of stale oil.  a mattress undulates with the earth.  sun fires off the fish's flank.  darkness obscures the ink's progression.  each utterance erodes the novelty.  the dried leaf levee lies in disarray.  rays bend to the macula.  

Chapter: 518

a leaf plays Prospero on the surrounded stone.  effigies crackle in the bonfire.  mob pressure bends the balustrade.  the pain takes all attention.  the vanity becomes a chest of drawers.  the bank shakes its whole form.  a frozen leaf skitters to the ditch.  pine tar comes up to the label.  one low cloud shines sun-daubed beneath the huge black mass.  

blood ribbons through the water.  the lexicon ages.  the reclining dog mouths a husk.  one stem dominoes the rest.  

Chapter: 519

tongues lick up the blood.  wood rots behind the posters.  a pink mask covers the entry points.  one thing leads away from the next.  pears stretch the skin.  vents weave air into the inhale.  the fallen bloat in shallows.  the habits rust.  

signals resolve in the near sight.  pollen paints the trunk in streaks.  the body axis rotates for a hook.  the rain carves muscles into the dirt.  fibers trap the seed in air.  

Chapter: 520

queso de papa appears on the Pioneer bill.  in the archway, a soap cake melts.  the ewe gets off a cloud.  a wave cascades through the crowd.  sunbeam cracks radiate through the fog.  

Chapter: 521

the inflaton field teeters at non-zero.  the step is suspended in memory.  wild onions grow halfway down the slope.  a green testicle rests in the fertilizer.  the flowers hang down in bell-clusters.  the arguments are useless.  microwaves pass through the genitals.  the branch forms a trident.  prey can't distinguish the obvious orange.  the mound swarms with auburn activity.  the wildflowers fulfill a promise.  fingernails decapitate the egg.  a cup steams on the windowsill.  

while the dog's away, the grackles play.  the flat world rounds a horizon.  the CRT collapses in a puff.  

Chapter: 522

wind bends pages around the invisible fist.  

the wind plays with an innertube.  white lace affixes to the white.  brown splatter eats into the assignment.  the word burbles in a Ukrainian mouth.  an ear appears over the crest of a duvet hill.  steam infuses the dried grain.  reflected light dances on the the canoe seat.  wings batter the air for a foothold.  a prism changes the distance.  gusts of air traverse the heat zone.  

Chapter: 523

the perception was a machine of transformation.  the plan controls for hitches.  the apology is absorbed.  the dull light betrays no source.  all of its energy is spent on the fence.  mouth systems ease the workload.  

Chapter: 524

the tracking bar fills towards delivery.  the thermos is like "Jeep".  the green wave underlines a fragment.  the dangling fruit is made of light.  

the list misses all its numbers.  

each of the extra is gravy.  orange bands drop from the ears.  batteries betray their density in the hand.  

Chapter: 525

green crowns the yellow.  flotillas sink below the conscious surface.  the fly arrests all motion.  gloves grip the weeds by root.  the other's trace is quickly erased.  the paragraphs arrive, one per day.  the letters are barely visible.  withholding poisons the effort.  the compressed hair recovers.  the plastic freezes in mid-drop.  

Chapter: 526

the thought escapes in an exhale.  the full weight of atmosphere forces dirt up a tube.  the fly is indistinguishable from a zipper.  the headlamps disrupt isolation.  

Chapter: 527

the dream's fabric erodes to dust.  nails go misaligned into the panel.  the full expression reserves a private table.  a droplet pauses before the fall.  the birch stick together: a white wash.  the head angles right.  the valley's hair thins.  mouths gawp at the eruption.  the margins are absent.  

Chapter: 528

the split trunk does not mend.  

the dinghy's path remains for a moment.  the paper cone surrounds a bulb.  gunfire contradicts the code.  

fat removal weakens the cheese.  blood disperses the adrenaline.  a photograph freezes the finger's uplift.  tears accompany the circumcision.  

Chapter: 529

the concepts outshine all manifestations.  then dents penetrate each page.  the vacuum arrives in plastic chunks.  teeth clean the nails.  a funnel shapes the coffee's intestinal lobes.  a "the" is in every sentence.  

darkness wrecks the plans.  pleasure first appears in the gut.  the electrons appear with greater alacrity.  pliers file down the corrugations.  painting jiggles the back fat.  

pollen takes on the topography of waves.  

Chapter: 530

rain drives the wind down.  canopy extends to obscure the mountain.  pockets angle towards the buttocks.  fabric is torn at the wrists.  the clock reads one one four eight.  instruments record the electric sound.  the darker sky approaches.  

a hand confirms the testicles' existence.  

Chapter: 531

over there, the ketchup.  the corn-clamp serves reminders.  a mirror shifts with the closing of one eye.  influx counterbalances the flow.  the frenzy is muted.  

Chapter: 532

the page's shape dictates.  

brightness blanches the negative space.  the dog bows to a greeting.  glare dances in the shimmering shallows.  the gases critique form.  the nodes pass their current back and forth.  sniffing with closed mouth causes the body to shake.  some of the pictures are letters.  the neck arches to compensate.  

Chapter: 533

wind hacks at the effigy.  the mosquitos are born into twilight.  the hornet passes still clutching a screen.  the photos come from other families.  supplies run the gunfire gauntlet.  

Chapter: 534

the tape holds speakers in a kiss.  

the wasp droops in its tupperware prison.  the glow removes textures from a river.  

stalks slave to the wind.  a bowel crests the abdomenal lining.  distance divides over the rate.  awareness moves gently back to the breath.  the calendar icon appears next to a reel-to-reel.  the unfocused wires shimmer like a depth of rain.  a spiral column smashes the trees.  the candlestick remains empty.  

crosshatched abstractions lie above the flower prints.  the door slams of its own accord.  the pant legs tuck.  legs lie lower than the water.  the scab lifts off its dry connection.  a name stands out from the mumbling.  the yellowed pipe snakes behind porcelain.  

Chapter: 535

wires are thrown on the fretboard.  when writing the distance, paper goes on for miles.  brine seeps up from the delta.  these empty frames blend into the sky.  

the vessels perfect their antennae.  

Chapter: 536

vermin enter through the basement window.  desiccated bird shit ignores the boundary.  the tissue hangs loose.  boxes bear the signs of tape torture.  the last bit of unscrewing is done with a glove.  

Chapter: 537

morning prints shimmer on the gray carpet.  

the sponge passes back to disorder.  the keying manifests in two places.  the peel curls in a bowl.  particles conjoin in the emptiness.  a stone recedes from the step's definition.  a dog croons at the women.  waste slides down the chute.  the shouting is still distant.  the gusts arrest a boat.  the "larder" remains unused.  

the throat gulps at saliva.  

Chapter: 538

potential firewood decays in the marsh.  bristles curl into the mouth.  holding the cup to its ear becomes a blanket.  lightning pulses from the bug's belly.  

Chapter: 539

plastic clips ensure the proper channel.  a nail's horn worries the adjacent toe.  the gray whales pass above.  callus and bone work together to form the ridge.  slowly the nightmare turns to steam.  

gravity smooths the rumpled sweater.  

Chapter: 540

cars turn left at the red door.  the small rock creates huge differences at distance.  

the idea defies articulation.  "Triscuit" stands vertical on the end table.  

mosquitos constellate around the pant leg.  the valley wins in a landslide.  liquid fountains from the blunt nose.  

Chapter: 541

mold finds its way into the cracked paint.  cranes work their way across the pillars.  an eye interpolates the six to a seven.  the wings turn to powder between the fingers.  water goes on the ones that have collapsed.  moonlight tenderizes the ripples.  the hands tear off a discrete tissue.  

Chapter: 542

the waves diver over a stone.  self-awareness bulldozes the present.  the words squeeze at page bottom.  a dolphin pack kneads the loaves.  the towel ends never fit to each other.  clothing tumbles out of the case.  the nerves provide erroneous intel.  one drop poised for the fall becomes a star.  clouds bear the axe mark.  

Chapter: 543

the eyes slowly rise.  the instinct leads to its death.  the socket cap hangs by a thread.  clippers gnaw at the nail's thickness.  the brand bows out.  claws poke from the base of a pyramid.  mist coalesces on the fire escape.  the streams run brown.  ridges define the road.  intentionality informs the piece.  the pimp runs a stable.  

Chapter: 544

a paw bats the elusive light.  the suicide defines only a moment.  magnets hold the flap in place.  cream walls take the white.  one hand tears the banana free.  carrots squirm in the boiling oil.  a beetle has linebacker shoulders.  

Chapter: 545

the "each day" differs.  the starting conditions no longer come into play.  the bolt matches its latch.  the soft palate vibrates with menthol.  the small black ball levers over a cistern.  droplets dart around each other on the tilted glass surface.  each painting comes with the cost.  the bowel press precludes tranquility.  the finger fattens with pressure.  the blades are gay.  

Chapter: 546

a headache precedes the storm.  one sentence fulfills the daily quota.  rain pocks the asphalt.  teeth bend back to form the seal.  

Chapter: 547

arms antenna the darkness.  the moderate minimum leads to a bonus.  the polar vector rounds a sun.  litter goes under the wheel.  the ribs insist on a bowl.  the tendons ache to lift a glass.  the leaves sussurate in stiff breeze.  conversation moans through the baseboards.  reflections of the trees wave across distant trees.  the shakes obscure a question mark.  thunder rips through the forest.  a blue line analogizes the path.  color blocks break up the days.  

the advertisement is half-remembered.  the touring trim sports a fin.  

Chapter: 548

insects have inherited the earth.  a sodden log deserts the surface.  the atmosphere lacks vapors for a snowy prism.  the engine drops into electric mode.  the house comes alive with emotion.  

the one branch falls to become a stick.  the light is a subset.  the weekly view comes in bright colors.  preparations are laid for the passing of feeling.  ribbed paper caresses the tender tissue.  urine ruins the rug.  

afternoon light barrages the syrupy suds.  

Chapter: 549

the air is not invisible.  the rim cuts off circulation.  flesh still clings to the fishbone clouds.  the still point is measured in nanoseconds.  a flap of the label extends beyond its bottle.  the straps keep contact constant.  the mote tunnels in through a nostril.  swollen bodies form the raft.  a tongue finds the hair.  deer tick about the size of a poppy seed.  they fold their wings for the bite.  bristles harden in the dry air.  

the coffee runs away.  brass curls to admit the screw.  chunks of dead skin mushroom from beneath the fingernail.  

Chapter: 550

a carnation adorns the get-up.  a hair gets caught in the paint.  the emissions come from both ends.  leaves turn down under the weight.  glints come to rest at the stoplight.  disorder settles into the empty nest.  a half pomegranate fossilizes in the basket.  the rocker pauses.  a crack appears on the bottom left.  

Chapter: 551

sewage smell billows from the bathroom.  the script indicates verticality.  the apple tree freezes in a contortion.  seams stripe the ceiling with painted nail hands.  the cacophony begins.  breeze catches the corner of paper, flipping it.  paper pills disperse across the floor.  books give in to the mattress' curvature.  one click commodifies the language.  the latch does not catch.  a program sorts the priors.  mild breezes follow the storm.  mandibles bring the appendage count to ten.  despair arises in the absence.  

the strips rotate to overlap.  

the vapor is not smoke.  dirt streaks the radio interface.  the curling concaves its spanish side.  

Chapter: 552

release the bugs from their captivity.  a naturalist rots in the coffin.  whale fin hooks preserve the scarves.  a call number browns at the edges.  sunset bruises the lower clouds.  red dust sprinkles the undulating glass.  the wired edge is its bottom.  the nuggets vomit up whole.  

Chapter: 553

angels flank the trophy's pillar.  a sewage pipe fascinates the olfactory sense.  bones hide under the staircase.  the nail head is mistaken for a beetle.  a pausing fleck anoints the windshield.  a scale offsets the weight of a tray.  

the tower breaks up into smaller clouds.  the slim white stone makes doubled arches.  "the chance" was written in stone.  the lightning bugs beat in emergent unison.  

Chapter: 554

the images stutter.  moss dies under the rising levels.  the slice slides in oil.  the water conforms to its possible scale.  voices tickle the eardrums.  

the muffin becomes an endearment.  refreshing winds from the towel's wave.  the silence become cacophonous.  a flowerbed conforms to the bee's program.  the wheelchair is mistaken for blue.  hands paw at the hallucination.  the arrow of time sheds feathers.  the ratio of cheese to cracker creates ripples.  the grooves run water under the soap.  tart surprises embed between the swelling grains.  

Chapter: 555

a pencil scrawls the laughter chorus.  socks imprint ridges in the ankles.  the memory binds each utterance to a place.  this liquid is the last burning impuls of a sun.  the light ash fibers arrange in combs.  hubcaps round the bend into oblivion.  the deformity is a feature of underlying wood.  the smoke shoots out in ephemeral rings.  the editor selects pieces.  

the mouthpiece leans against a window.  midges click in the glowing glass.  the mass limit ceases to exist.  

Chapter: 556

the scalp peels off a pear.  the pouch fills with currency.  the dead leaves stop against brick.  the underscore invites input.  its skin is wrinkled like an ossified scrotum.  

the pipe is smoked by a cloud.  the bed scoots from a wall.  the antennae sprouts rust in a trunk.  

the sore spreads deep into flesh.  ink fades faster than the coffee stain.  the crackling resolves to leaves on a rooftop.  

water drips from the gutter rot.  the sun is made of orange slices.  pepper seeds adorn the stool.  the scramble to prevent creates more damage.  

Chapter: 557

a tap fixes the nail.  twitches of its tail are the only motion.  photo temps of the "missing" erode sadness.  the present is a privileged slice.  the line of cranes prays together.  the shallow glows with honey wine.  colors absorb the vividness.  the impact generates a fissure.  a dropped cane chips the enamel.  

Chapter: 558

the wheel takes responsibility for friction.  lizards doze on the dock.  the saint's white beard renders in glowing plastic.  the outhouse planks rot from their bottoms.  flat against the ledge like a pill stuck on sweat.  the cold memory grows stale.  

the inner and outer air holes are misaligned.  the cat forms a carpet island.  the snowballs rasp against a helmet.  a red squiggle questions the word.  rocks cacophonize the rolling barrel.  the abandoned web catches dead leaf fragments.  tapping makes the bug take wing.  hyphens analogize the molecule's bindings.  the cap suppresses pressure.  

Chapter: 559

the cold signifies protection.  the lily pads cast up their floats.  even in a downpour, the birds have business.  triangles dominate the vaulted.  the guitar provides some comfort.  the drooping face occludes its red collar.  

Chapter: 560

impressions of the scratching linger.  

an oak seed wing dries on the spotty paint.  

the sky's reflection overwhelms a text.  the drawer operates with brass rings.  memory overlays sunlight on the far trees.  the stone beds a mica fountain.  lightning mestasticizes across the distance.  sunset glows in the red squirrel's tail.  

Chapter: 561

there are tiny bits of bone in the vomit.  the vision averts suicide.  a generation falters in the new climate.  the pheromones trigger ancient behavior.  the minutes pass.  dry hair at the end splits.  sunlight sears the rug.  the perceived is bent to fit a rule.  one, solitary, screams in the elevator.  a red arrow points to the extinguisher.  the rumors transform.  the bulldozers rip away its charm.  shadows caricaturize the architecture.  

Chapter: 562

nails secure the latches.  dunes return their feeble messages to the ocean.  grass grows between the puffs of aromatic herb.  the sawdust spills over stacked stones.  occasional comments punctuate the occasion.  

Chapter: 563

the can loses its cap.  a spear appears to push on the mammoth's flanks.  the broad stroke glazes all.  the mattress comes up short.  the fly's efforts weaken.  the pop sends a body rolling.  rain leaves sediment on the bumper.  the lilacs ripple with bees.  wind shivers the short grass.  tenses squeeze into the tight present.  

the hot liquid provides a small comfort.  the water was important.  all the books have been retweeted.  

Chapter: 564

the blind groping passes for kindness.  the grape pops.  

pads sop up the spill.  husks mark the wind's penetration.  the view is a simulation of yesterday's.  the synthetic fibers pill.  the shit is interlaced with hay.  

heat's residue remains in the skin.  the disease eradicates muscular volition.  a new york street stands in the california sun.  teeth speed the deterioration.  the rings were made by collision.  

the mind teleports.  its forelegs seem the most limber.  the guilty plead not.  eggs spit in the pan.  the wallpaper imitates cloth.  

Chapter: 565

in the distance, engines, brooks and branches conflate.  high pressures fracture the rock layer.  nostrils reel in the odors of fresh electronics.  the bright colors of grocery bags flower the counters.  snap go the bird beaks.  

"Enter Passcode" lights above the four empty circles.  

the first vowel does the walking.  a hint of copper pokes through the vapor.  gas elevates above the liquid.  tufts of rolled spider-web for the table's leg.  heat scars the plastic.  the lamp stand curls over a shoulder.  steam feathers above the cup.  the light is a feature of its near invisibility.  

Chapter: 566

red engages the boiler.  darkness bisects the bed.  even the hands are invisible in this dark.  wind dissolves the voice.  the door bangs against stone.  a magnet eschews the quantum.  

Chapter: 567

the translucent string binds branch to branch.  

juice kicks from the perforation.  a head recoils at the touch.  the bookmark turns back into a tissue.  ferns collect in the bridge's dark.  the boil breaks open at its weakest point.  hushed tones bypass the larynx.  the wrinkled leaf imitates a conch.  rubber seals the ear's portal.  

Chapter: 568

eggs solidify in the boil.  the spider zips from full stop to full stop.  the magazine bends in its slot.  a book is used to steady the picture.  scars tattoo the forearm.  stormclouds roll in from the west.  

a broken birch trunk marks the "point".  bone works deep into the muscle.  the body wriggles a greeting.  a feather rolls down the jut.  

Chapter: 569

gas burns in the bowel.  a pen rests in the empty glove.  light catches on the power lines.  the video warms a lap.  cloth cleaves to the swelling belly.  bushes reclaim the fence.  tiny white caps appear in the squeezed flesh.  the patterns renew at similar moments.  

Chapter: 570

a droplet disengages from the branch tip.  smudges gum up the reflection.  clothing pulls against the line.  left at the "T" leads to wilderness.  the weight of a mug proves the pen balance difference.  the goose works hard to maintain.  juice is armored by the skeleton.  hard targets fall to the sniper.  

Chapter: 571

dregs mutter while passing the drain.  an electron escapes the box.  a dog will be the warning.  halving approaches the necessary limit.  the radio resolves to static.  the cat lands quietly.  

Chapter: 572

the blue towel marks as holy.  her last sound was laughter before the impact.  the spine creases where broken.  the mast is a wrapped umbrella.  the headache before a tornado.  teeth buck in the orgasm.  the capsule of fish oil anchors a routine.  

Chapter: 573

a fledgling tits at the ash stump.  odor blossoms from the bowl.  the thumping corresponds to every weave.  the blue ribbons designated those to be harvested.  the black coat is tinged with grey.  drizzle pricks the face.  predatory eyes translate the distance.  an algorithm bangs out the universe.  learning gives way to the experience.  a squeeze slides it down the pole.  a mug is the medium of love.  an absence of whitewash reveals the removal.  that is how the cookie crumbles.  the cycle consumes another day.  

Chapter: 574

tragedy hides in the small chance.  a twenty ripples between the fingers.  rains pummel the grass into submission.  auburn rust forms in the crease.  

a tail twitches over the flower.  gloved hands squeeze the blood bag.  the bird cries an etcetera.  the ring of a stopper tears off.  the skimmers feed on their own hatchlings.  

growths flourish on the surface.  the clouds move without feet.  

Chapter: 575

a roof levels beyond the windows.  the juice pops from its sacks.  banana meat defies the light.  the branches strain against pressure.  the doors kiss open.  pills form on the cuff.  the light seeps outwards to die by a road.  the first thought is overcome.  brickface interrupts the open vault.  the sauerkraut squeaks between molars.  

Chapter: 576

the plumbing is stubborn.  the projections grow large in low light.  the husband donates its head.  fly matter pops against the matter of glass.  

the gap allows bugs to pass.  cloth sticks to the buttock.  

Chapter: 577

honey rings the viscous oats.  the end is insight.  torches melt in the glare.  a pinch snuffs the brief flame.  prop planes present the thunder's motif.  ivory knobs mock the parallel.  the poison smells of lemon.  avocado kale with the texture of old scabs.  the tiger spider eats its young.  a smart phone faces directly into the crotch.  

Chapter: 578

water pools in the seat bottom.  fingertips massage the wooden grapes.  the conures now number thirty.  water under the bridge carries on.  a thin blanket rolls under the sky.  snowfall smooths the chimney top.  the traffic light blinks red on all sides.  the moons vaporize on approach.  

Chapter: 579

the fog recedes before waking.  the throat fills with peach vapor.  the steam tube catches glare.  the bottles are arranged by ascending levels.  the Tide era is over.  

Chapter: 580

a forgotten man paints at the camera.  the state is a failure.  feet steam in the hospital socks.  black stares through the window.  there is no moisture in the croak.  the red ones droop as pink ascends.  air moves through at the weakest point.  one hair sticks behind the roller.  

Chapter: 581

a couch cushions the fall.  the hairy insects bristle in lamplight.  the concrete rests on a roofed barge.  a leaf tumbles across the scene.  the dark star is imagined bright.  unseen thorns precipitate the lasting wound.  light plays hide and seek with the steam.  

Chapter: 582

the red marble is made of paper.  the buds dry before cold sleep.  the ablative reduces movement radius.  green veins in the russet leaf.  the coffee is out of reach.  thunder ruminates in the distance.  a lawn overcomes the piss.  the equation bursts inwards.  

Chapter: 583

a volume contains the collected timelines.  the barbed knot punctuates her stitches.  hydrangeas bleed to the screen edge.  wind obscures the coils' awakening.  

its viscous black juice bursts from the teeth.  the pink price clashes with purple value.  

the pen presses come more gently.  the fields glow with frost.  

Chapter: 584

the cardboard skids across a parking lot.  rain depths break the connection.  the infinity is absolute.  morning enfeebles the electric lamp.  the lever rips out weed roots.  the berry conforms to a plastic corner.  the rubber letters spell "posey".  

Chapter: 585

the syntax generated on the spot.  spills oxidize above the pilot.  the bitter taste lingers.  packing tape seals break in the wire cover.  the hot sun warms.  the tongue affirms affection.  the shit holds its form.  dust drifts from the window frame.  the duck betrays no effort.  the hummingbird turns its blood red neck to a flower.  fingers unmask the flower simulacrum.  the fiver raises eyebrows.  the comet has no recourse.  the stones are slippery.  the sky weaves cryptic messages above a newborn.  its lemon form fits the content.  

Chapter: 586

as it fails, the applause grows fervent.  air escapes the collapsing blanket.  the sound of lapping water doesn't reach the porch.  a wet fish is cold in the pocket.  hair becomes denser on the inside of its bend.  the bowl is an inverted planet.  the sun burns while indoors freezes.  

Chapter: 587

wet warmth brings out the great clouds.  a spear wavers over the clover.  wasps migrate from the graveyard.  the bathroom door stays open.  burnt juice blackens in the chamber.  the 2 wires connect.  the particulate matter loses its particularity.  histories multiply across the field.  a beak disrupts the concept of nature.  mythology, mystery and romance collide in the darkly epic series.  the clouds become sore.  the ghetto state of incompleteness is referred to as childhood.  the razor bowl is made of clay and glaze.  

Chapter: 588

fire shoots from the open window.  a base beeps at the boil.  the heavens are still up.  rain swallows the distant motors.  the dragon waves four flags for wings.  saliva redistributes after the yawn.  

Chapter: 589

brown boots stain the doorstep.  the reply directs to an avatar.  tartness releases from the tongue's crush.  with the four wing banks, its manouevrability is unparalleled.  a dewdrop sticks to the bridge.  the fly cloud spirals upward.  words accelerate past the capacity of internal speech.  gulfs of space turn the car engines into dopplered moans.  the stomach adds to intention.  a sun appears from the past.  fingers give access to the hidden flesh.  the body slopes toward its front haunches.  reveille plays from the bird's beak.  the wind luxuriates in secluded water flowers.  

Chapter: 590

stone sheathes preserve the edifices.  the atrophy creates valleys.  the adored nestles in a crotch.  the pant-leg cuff slips under a heel.  

the flowing depression is ground into crown glass.  the random work proves apt.  the flapping pages never reach a stable state.  two verbs prove insufficient for the phenomenon.  muscles contract to color the sight.  the pantry is two steps down.  down they go to the ignorant others.  

Chapter: 591

the lily bed is full of Outrageous Orange.  

panic brings the hot breath.  composers masturbate on the possibility of composition.  

makeup sparkles about the tired skin.  the bites swarm along its flanks.  the lettuce head dangles between two fingers.  soap diminishment catalogs the weeks.  discipline turns out more than the reward.  the smoke emerges in coughs.  

Chapter: 592

the stones form into great cats.  a hair piece sighs onto the globe.  atmosphere spits on the window.  the young brain ripens in its wine.  wind surges around forest peripheries.  the drills turn into solos.  a release message moves up the digestive tract.  its parts smear across the web.  the voices pierce.  

Chapter: 593

the party ventures forth.  

spiders escape the spreading sheet.  the OS falters on page_sys access.  casserole sits cooling on the stovetop.  an emory board argues beneath the words.  catastrophe induces the response of realism.  

Chapter: 594

clay slowly stains the bathtubs red.  

reflections off the bottom, play across leaves.  a chipmunk judges the sun.  two of the heads are ready for cutting.  the bottom is shaded red, yellow and brown.  the squeezed nostril spits juice.  the heater's breath is compared to a living thing.  

Chapter: 595

the notes are dubbed "epistolary".  collision generates the sound.  the soothing voice chants, "the brain waves just like the ocean waves".  the books are all of different heights.  bowels howl at the change of habit.  a sequence runs the gamut.  the bugs present as pepper.  tens drop like the flies.  

the field is given depth by value.  

Chapter: 596

the autumn leaves are colors pressed in glass.  its fate is delivered by the hand.  a spill radicalizes the topography.  the chisel acts as a bell.  the term was born translucent.  a red bar settles the frequency.  

Chapter: 597

the talk was true.  paint cracks around the doorknob dent.  toxins bleed through the intestinal skin.  short tales are written on the can.  the truss rod recesses from its head stock.  the faint motion resolves into a moth.  the transformer crucifies a hilltop.  the soggy remnants of canoe revolutions.  

the clean window lets into a filthy chamber.  a scout calls for the flock.  a spoon disrupts the dry pockets.  the center of a funnel holds.  water bubbles from the marble Venus.prop engines permeate the soundscape.  context determines the letter's discernment.  the peripheral movement leads to adrenaline.  

Chapter: 598

the sleeve frays at a hinge.  the book's mere presences leads to a shift.  ancient poison tips the spears.  the foot is an alien intrusion.  inkjets spray images on the paper window.  the coverlet wraps around edges.  the cat tucks her chin into her paws.  

Chapter: 599

snow begins to board the screen up.  the calm is hard to come by.  the only sign is a feather of smoke.  a mouth inhales over the nipple.  a drowned beetle brushes the lips.  a sickly leaf curls upon the edge of the wood.  one seed zooms into the bush.  smoke mingles with the fog.  some resist the ocean's pull.  

Chapter: 600

the heart pumps an alert.  a camera pans the childhood.  the pig screams as it's punctured.  flour gives the hand a white face.  vapor flutes from the broken crust.  doubt attends each nibble of the progression.  

crackling in the walls turns out to be water.  flowers on the kleenex prove counterintuitive.  the trigger precipitates a pop.  a window smacks against the side of a house.  the precipitation barely tickles.  a swollen tongue mangles the words.  a switch pops it off the bluetooth list.  moving right the burn intensifies.  burning white sun dances on the gentle wave.  

Chapter: 601

a finger passes through the weak flame.  the hands agree on a single digit.  the dirty window glows from within.  he funnels all the motives into fornication and murder.  tree seeds drop into the lap.  fingers prove the inner thigh.  the river does not seem to end.  the cramp pops a toe.  snow piles up in the elbow.  the probability curves to uncertainty.  an extra mark fixes the "i".  iron hovers in the path of heat.  

Chapter: 602

the ends grow nigher.  a foot controls the aperture.  fresh sun streaks off the porcelain rim.  

a touch traces the armor.  brass darkens around the keyhole.  sparks sear into the receptors.  

on either side of the cleft, hair grows unevenly.  the clasp refuses its task.  the pillow pile transforms from conformity to depression.  the neurotransmitters burn in a frenzy.  the pen writes beside robots.  one white wooden stake pierces the bare ground.  the last cold bit is bitter.  bristles fall to the razor blade.  

Chapter: 603

the boat capsizes on wet sand.  the rising angle increases shade.  the stamina bar gauges its potential.  spin stifles the sop.  gravel backdrops bring out the jagged tire edge.  breath precedes the mouth.  sunlight casts a spire through the blinds.  information fails to break the bonds of physics.  

Chapter: 604

the theories are appended.  ankles pass by the windows.  a drop slaps the stone.  water lightens the soup.  wet fingers lick the strings.  eyes mouth the facts.  the tongues are stitched in Vietnam.  the toilet paper tongue waves in heat rise.  

Chapter: 605

the lice prefer rotting wood.  it rains lightly through the sunbeams.  lineage falters in the linear dictionary.  a tape head moves on from the past.  scraping transforms into sawing through the house frame.  hairs bend towards the wool.  the breast is a white bib.  the virtual button moves from off to on.  branch patterns project on the pillow.  flat clouds form the storm's infantry.  

Chapter: 606

the soap suggests hibiscus.  the crab crosses a cross.  bowels trigger the pain centers.  the engine pushes it back towards food.  drizzle pricks the water's skin.  droplets run in the death of flavor.  the new ends click.  the pipe-stem points at individual vegetables.  the tree hierarchies are analogous.  the unknown buries in a government plot.  perspective escapes the morning.  

Chapter: 607

the bowels imply nausea.  the light plays with proximity.  a green cap fits to the blue.  

a forest of stems shields the cool grass.  evil is afoot in the fair land.  beetles wriggle under the blanket.  salt blocks the perforations.  the atomizer sizzles in shade.  the action follows suit.  a robin resolves from the dry leaves.  

Chapter: 608

the dozen costs a dime.  the soldier walks a plank's edge.  the rocking chair wears grooves in dust.  mice find a door in the rotted plank.  the stove hearkens to a time of simpler physics.  the curtains gild with ambient light.  

Chapter: 609

the particular hum engenders recoil.  the undergrowth thrives in amphibious landscapes.  the speech is literally monotonous.  the ink is thicker than it has been.  the radio comes with a shoulder strap.  the lips caress in microwave pulses.  the humid air rejects integration.  light bleeds through the juice.  the spokes are 3 inches across.  blueberries precede the milk.  the cloud-line stretches for hundreds of miles.  the towel extends grip.  

Chapter: 610

yes and no coexist in the stare.  the nail head, depressed into a plank is covered in ancient dirt.  the parasites will enter with them.  painted backdrops were installed in the opera house.  a speculum noses the clog.  the noun is relegated to subset.  their shadows move under the boughs.  chips appear on the lower lip.  juice aroma penetrates the rind.  the three are now two.  a river smells of the sea.  the halfway point passes again and again.  the scene blurs through shuttered lids.  

Chapter: 611

drills shimmer in the whine of metal and stone.  the glossy leaves glisten with toxicity.  the white star is utterly dry.  the moan declines into rasp.  

knots work through the wood.  squirrels veer away from the delivery.  

Chapter: 612

screens hang from the stirrups.  a berry darkens under the force of others.  the one could qualify as a pole.  misalignment foils the latch.  a muzzle parts the wheat swath.  ears lie close together in the case.  mending bite-marks dot the legscape.  the text is stripped of all but place descriptions.  wires run from a palate to the nipples.  the cat's face unpeels in a yawn.  

Chapter: 613

an anchor line thrums to the wind's rhythm.  sunlight reappears in the opening.  the buzzing is anything but idle.  

the watched pot boils.  a leaf depends from the fuse.  the white dot snaps a shutter.  the ligaments yank out a particle of bone.  vision shakes for the depleted body.  the nozzle's curl mirrors its handle.  eyes bleed on the rabbit mask.  the edge slices into a tendon.  the lips want touch.  the hand's heel strikes keys.  the chest weighs more than its contents.  the voices clip in short digital trails.  

Chapter: 614

the backlight inverts automatically.  the elastic begins its decay at first stretch.  the former lovers are now well done.  a critic inserts into the voice horde.  the contractions preclude emphasis.  

a squirrel waits for the branch to stop swinging.  formats render the physical obsolete.  the scantily clothed wins a sexy contest.  fever-free for 24 hours is the measure.  

Chapter: 615

the teardrop splits a tree.  the coy lampshade plays at disapproval.  the hornet explores a hole.  the trickle dies in a pool.  a cumulous bulldozes the lower sky.  a wound appears in the stained board.  the wooden flotillas mock ducks.  the dry hair is still attached.  conversation slows for the octogenarian.  the repetitions strip meaning.  

Chapter: 616

the body drifts into perfect alignment.  a steady push blows the receipt away.  dried bits crumble from the stain.  ladybugs crawl the thigh's forest.  images drown on the cusp of surface.  the tadpoles start in their fishy stage.  the straps leave marks of clenching.  the extra weight serves as reminder.  

Chapter: 617

the soil slowly accepts a jawbone.  light is built from the shadows.  each day has a letter for the pills.  the banana passes between hands.  its cloth wings tuck to tube the abdomen.  wheter rain or just wind is not now known.  a sentence gets built from the end.  a mote flits into the beam.  

toilet tissue ribbons from the wet spot.  a music of its insistence peels from the words.  ink translates to the soft of fingers.  an uttered phrase puts an end to the former possibilities.  a basement houses the lower half.  

the shit's poured sand seeks a hole.  

Chapter: 618

the fountain is made of automatic speech.  after a storm, the clouds relax.  the nerves cease to carry messages.  the curve of its back carves a rune on a rug.  for those, the hat is functional.  

the tarpaulin is weighted with bricks.  glass shatter is wholly swallowed by the gunfire.  the timestamp adheres to each.  the air reeks of salt and expiring kelp.  

Chapter: 619

knobs rattle on the bedframe.  pads break the tide into gentle fingers.  the pattern of flaking varies widely from shingle to shingle.  the honey goes to a sugar shack.  precision cramps the palm.  the secreted proteins translate to meaning.  

Chapter: 620

a palm arrests the swiveling head.  sunlight glows through the lettuce-green leaves.  

the shoulder aches with invisible inflammations.  the tomato seed spins in a funnel.  a new concept hides in the word's caboose.  

thorny vines annex the lower garden.  a soap try leaves four circles in the dust.  wheels conquer the mudholes.  the nations erupt in profundity.  cool air circles the newly bared.  coffee gives the illusion of a reprieve.  each addition increases the swell.  

Chapter: 621

the current stutters through clogged pipes.  the water enters free-fall.  the same bulb gleams from all four knobs.  an edge lifts from the roll.  the sky turns quickly menacing.  

the default is a fallback.  bubble gum fuses to the concrete.  a flurry of legs bear it to the edge.  gum separates from the tooth with a snap.  the names of these purple plants are unknown here.  a glass slips through numb fingers to plunge into the bath.  

Chapter: 622

many calories lowered the raft.  Alcohol may intensify the effect.  the blades till eight inches deep.  the phone is warm in a hand.  fingers gently transfer the spider outdoors.  the needs fade without satisfaction.  senses code the world.  the windows rattle in their swollen grooves.  

the grub works through roots.  the chimney catches a sheet of sun.  the explorers arrive in trio.  the events are added downwards.  the whole body wriggles in a greeting.  moisture pulses down the tiles.  

Chapter: 623

the damsels fly in tandem.  the man only went out for some trifle.  an engine generates the "the morning should be forever".  the combing is an experiment.  browning needles form the sawdusts of a dirt floor.  stale sour cider odor blends into the ambiance.  streaks endure the closing eye.  

Chapter: 624

a concert of neurons chooses the word.  the sensor obviates touching.  grays fringe the dome.  roughe spreads under the moon.  the breath is measured in suckling.  the bullfrog exudes patience.  the words have lain here 20 years.  the donut has no inside.  the triscuits are a low-salt alternative.  the burn is a residue of exertion.  

Chapter: 625

sleep curses the dark poisons.  the dust becomes visible at low angles.  the trees wriggle silently through windows.  the page fills with space.  the length is measured in units of anguish.  the hornet yellow carves through currents.  

Chapter: 626

the itch location is indistinct.  levis rot in the trunk.  

the name was dropped.  the speakers bubble.  fans vent the invisible plumes.  vision pierces through to white.  a head cres the vaginal canal.  so near that the plates clink.  the cold compresses swap with hot.  

the reverberations cease abruptly.  with night comes the density.  

Chapter: 627

the inside identifies without.  a button opens the seal.  precipitation collects in the nostrils.  paint peels from the pipe hole.  grounds pock the creamy surface.  the duo wins America's heart.  an ellipsis arises in the geometry of language.  caffeine constricts the blood vessels.  the box misses its manual.  

the lit doorway pushes past a window.  algae mosses the concrete perimeter.  sense dissembles the proof of motion.  the tip retracts with a button press.  pollinated air weighs in the nostrils.  

Chapter: 628

nuts gild in the heated oil.  a memory succumbs to the passage into public.  the ejected hair breaks into particles.  wildflowers bedeck the saddle-shaped rock.  the air is too still to move a shirt.  the trinary system includes a maybe.  the light emerges.  the fur shakes off rain.  

Chapter: 629

gas collects above the colon.  the man was set down naked on a sagebrush plain.  quiet before the boil.  "Samsung" is written below the silver line of holes.  

the brain travels from its warm burrow.  the three o'clock rolls around.  a chainsaw scorches the afternoon quiet.  the cold bottles sweat.  the outer fibers snap as it plumps.  

Chapter: 630

the eye is fooled.  circles prove the bird's narcotic.  a coupon's corner skitters across the stones.  the awkward knee hyperextends.  the diver takes a breather.  stripped of dogma, the practice stands on two feet.  

Chapter: 631

the airborne insect is not tagged.  old webs leave fossils on the pane.  rust speckles the abandones amusements.  mucus binds the napkin's folds.  yellows bend out of the droplet's refraction.  maraschino bites bump the elbows.  a shovel chews into the ice crust.  the star is named "Ed Witten".  the parser determines what is interesting.  the mood arises in juxtaposition.  

Chapter: 632

the decision was made in mud.  the phone slips into a lead pouch.  under the proper lens, "D" becomes "O".  notation pushes the ten's place.  tinsel indexes the peripheral snow.  around a corner, the dog barks morph into rasps.  disturbed hair leaves the false impression.  the muscles unfurl to a shiver.  each sentence is the atomic beacon.  engines commingle in the early afternoon.  the ear flattens to receive caress.  fallen hair foregrounds the dirt.  steps descend below the surface.  

Chapter: 633

the balance shifts to protons.  one in sun juxtaposes one in the shade.  one bowed needle lies on the asphalt.  browns suffuse the swelling tide.  the illumination draws them away.  the metal leaves come to dangerous points.  the volume shoots to fifty.  

Chapter: 634

a scoop dispenses the dried cranberries.  the currents confer advantage.  the wasp hangs dead in its comb.  

the leaves, twigs, branches and trunks converge irreproducibly.  the waves batter from both sides.  grackles fight and beg with the same vocabulary.  the vocality was moving fundamentally.  blurred sight sees only the commotion.  the sun's accumulation burns in a shin.  the appointment passes.  to orient is an accident.  

Chapter: 635

a head thrusts hard into the solar plexus.  the trunk cracks against difficult motion.  the helmet comes with a socket.  the buds burst like brash horns.  

the screen foils a bumble bee.  the arachnids ball up at danger.  urine presses against the bladder and strains urethral muscles.  our tips eddy the tuft of a cloud.  mothers lament the loon absence.  

Chapter: 636

the hawk carves an angle.  gas follows the solid directly.  a chipmunk jolts through the underbrush.  the stops loom in projection.  bough flows over bough in the fluid.  the extra queues at tomorrow's stoop.  

Chapter: 637

the body convulses with blood.  the tractor leaves sprinter's tracks.  the sandal's cut flaps like a hangnail.  the odor of urine and rotting leaves rises behind a bench.  the lamb offers its head.  separate algorithms produce the same result.  a crosshair pops in the corner.  a finger's shadow breaks the sentence in two.  

Chapter: 638

the cord resists tangles.  one end of the roll distends.  oak fruit twirls to the ground.  urine covers the mark.  the juices darken to oils.  each set of eggs stems to another.  

Chapter: 639

handfuls of new nests spring up around the poisoned ashes.  with a finger's sweep, new messages rise from the pixels.  the chapter is titled "Hovering Universes in Nearby Dimensions".  the watts display in blue light.  cracks make the marble's character.  the bounding tiles do not match.  tarmac slowly releases heat back to the evening.  the ditch-weeds were deformed by feet.  

Chapter: 640

a tense fades back into the past.  tape is residue of the painting.  the white paper is poetry.  a rolled-back paper bag fits to the contours.  red chairs are arranged beyond the pine forest.  the carcass disintegrates in discrete units.  the soap brings shivers to a flank.  the dots mark its progress.  a shit precedes the eyes opening.  the list of properties unrolls a vegetable.  skin swells red around the scratches.  the shingles break and blacken.  sperm bedevils the eggs.  

Chapter: 641

laughter slides down the genome.  

the green fungus next to goldenrod.  with the headstatic, snow becomes visible.  

the windows are not to be opened.  shrimp get at the wounds.  the moments of not listening.  its throat chews the insects.  the bug pretends to be dead.  beets come back in the vomit as blood.  invisible roots lift up the surrounding ground.  the two-ply spouts in separation.  silver letters raise on the black.  the boil spouts cottage cheese.  

Chapter: 642

hardy bushes rise from the pregnant grasses.  

a finger engages the current.  the grass sickens on the verge of yellow.  the glass reveals its doppelganger.  viri balance on the droplet.  the hatter makes a housecall.  a space is left for the data.  clear coating peels from the fat wire.  fingers glide like the branches of a liquid plant.  the spice index goes up to ten.  the light passes away.  dogs find the shade.  

Chapter: 643

the bravery is ignorant.  the morning scene bursts with words.  space stretches the wavelengths.  the antics cease to amaze.  a jostle breaks the connection.  

the barges wail under an orange horizon.  anything happening adheres to the rules.  the models are obsolete.  

Chapter: 644

black shoes scuff the white noise generator.  the only speech is in commands.  the door will not rest closed.  the hangings depend on thumbtacks.  thwacking creates the raw food.  the depression travels for entertainment.  each version lends texture to the sound.  black inner tubes and orange rowboats are visible.  

the bending ground is solid.  the black ones shift so fast they seem to hop.  white bookends the black.  

Chapter: 645

adrenaline spreads the shock.  flies dance out of the angling light.  the orange kayak floats in orchid rushes.  the slip means a certain death.  the waves arrive later.  a pink sponge bends to the yellow one's surface.  the dandelion is depurative.  the idea's energy flits weightlessly.  batter crackles on the skillet.  the spotlight shines on keepsakes.  flat water rounds the globe.  bees fight for the last few buds.  wicker, tightly woven, forms the seat.  mucus sticks to the cuff.  the green sky augurs ill.  a fly crawls under the heel.  a solution multiplies by thirty, subtracting the operand.  

Chapter: 646

a droplet forms above the cheek.  the paper bird's beak brushes glass.  the beetle nestles to suck.  the span of earth is owned.  a carcass shakes with the wind.  the brake lights come in pairs.  thunder sneaks through an open window to rattle the one beyond.  the yellow flowers turn out to have black eyes.  from the breast hang electronic locks.  the wife removes its husband's head.  the hand poses for a question.  

Chapter: 647

men rise up from the carpet on plastic stands.  bindings darken in the enforced twilight.  the one piece coexists.  light catches the blind's buttons.  distance turns the creaking to a call.  the bird call blurs into engine wheeze.  the nails lie where dropped.  

Chapter: 648

an orb extrudes from the gable.  jolts rack the cabin.  the drips are arrhythmic.  pollen coats the fire escape.  the hand receives transmissions.  the spider carcass seems all legs.  the pelvis rests in a lap.  

Chapter: 649

the waiting room is a balcony chair.  the values have no weight.  the web line parabolizes in front of stalks.  the arc of a day bookends a feast.  vision residue overlays the view.  

Chapter: 650

a crank powers the super-eight.  a hand blindly picks the letters.  the bass line loops in closed infinity.  the whale song drowns in a flood of motors.  the tick leaves its head in a capillary.  an eyelash disappears from the fingertip.  the grooves are inkless.  directed pruning makes the bower.  

Chapter: 651

the pink strips tie behind a black neck.  hair clumps stick to the hospital socks.  the ache precedes a cramp.  golden pine tips dance against the clouds.  silence fills with the wounds of former sound.  insects collide with the nose-hair.  the hand was shown without a tell.  the plane separates from its sound.  a sentence is the work of joy.  

Chapter: 652

the line was skipped.  no one rises above the others.  hunters emerge from the eggs to striate an ankle.  treble thrives at the lower volumes.  the scraper pulls down like statements.  the ribs quiver with fear.  there is no pill for the guilt.  the waster converges at beard point.  in the northeastern quadrant, leaves flow southwest.  the fly expires in trapped anxiety.   a school defines the demands.  

frozen mist lies over the fjord.  tissue sticks to the syringe.  sobbing jiggles the jelly air.  to the accident arrives a fair cop.  the game is to finish one page.  

Chapter: 653

notions flicker against the backdrop.  onion segments adorn the drain.  cheap feet hollow at the back.  spittle disappears into the microphone.  

the current stutters.  the clippers chew through lettuce stalks.  the cotton's fur then traps an invader.  

Chapter: 654

moisture grays the deep sky.  gulls congregate around the dry clam-shell.  the lie propogates.  the strings are unverifiable.  the scab barnacles.  air escapes through the pin.  half-barks flap the water.  snow conforms to the shape like a white shadow.  the wind mixes distant warms with cools.  the basket holds a threaded button.  the jump-click lands in a pool of endless, concentric data waves.  birds fuss in the upper branches.  

Chapter: 655

clay pellets smear the rim.  the dominance shifts from eye to eye.  the fly's talent does not translate to water.  the daydream collapses in insistence.  the past is a museum of error.  the plume is called an aerosol.  unstuck snow plays devil over the asphalt.  a lamp beats to the speed of neural transition.  

Chapter: 656

roots push to the branches' extent.  the door swings, tearing webs.  stone fertilizes the moss.  the neck puts it out of balance.  all is permitted under the rules.  the middle leaves cup silver light.  rain reduces the lumps of tossed earth.  the bladder presses.  the bodies balloon with blood.  

Chapter: 657

insects move in the periphery.  blood rounds the orbital.  the phone chimes.  heat passes the eye test.  

the mile took a minute.  the cut swells to occupy attention.  the head cannot rotate on its neck.  a needle slips between the vertebrae.  the motors wordlessly insist.  the leaves bunch, sopped with rot mush.  one paw extends over the warm laundry.  one purple vein cries louder than the rest.  the dumb sky grows silent.  the berries are crushed in tart explosions.  the shock top is a belgian white.  

an apparatus copies the words.  

Chapter: 658

communications trundle down the page.  all probabilities are realized in the branches.  the claw sifts fro berries.  the skunk corpse re-inflates on asphalt.  a virtual man weeps through the speakers.  the yogurt residue turns to chalk.  in the dream, an elusive novel.  that is not summer but the proper season.  

Chapter: 659

the silk respires with rainbows.  straw sticks to the muddied pig.  the shatter spreads.  the moisture coalesces into a tear.  the titmouse swivels its buried neck.  the unwrapped book enters a life.  a lower lip dominates the upper.  

Chapter: 660

madness expects the same morning.  the soap dish has 2 layers.  low clouds divide the trees.  over time, the unevenness makes itself available.  

leeches outnumber the seeds.  the left turns grow scarce.  crosshairs rest on the chest.  the cold eyes sway over night blue.  heat sensors tear at the ears.  

Chapter: 661

the droplets fall on a sun patch.  whimpers disrupt the meditation.  "Life"'s "L" spears the corpse.  

the kneecap is the most forward.  the bed holds potential flowers.  

the filaments leave hints of existence.  footprints muddle the coarse grains.  the latch is shaped like a ping-pong paddle.  the infant sleeps in a sling.  the data gets pulled with a case.  

Chapter: 662

stairs endure the weight of footsteps.  the mustard flattens under pressure.  the median of the noise is A#.  the mind attunes to a pun.  excess drives the spill.  

oils rainbow the drink's skin.  the bent grass blade jiggles under its passage.  decorations slow the time.  heavy doors rock against the irons.  the rayon fluff tickles short hairs.  squirrels pattern the wooden webbing.  

Chapter: 663

the metallic terrier remains forever perky.  shadows obscure the fatigue.  sound shatters upon the rock.  a dresser's edge score the cream wall.  cancer grows at the meeting of river and sea.  the distant grass is greener.Martians reject the big lie of "personal".  a chirrup signals the all clear.  the 6 pm arrival was one minute late.  the tank balances in a toilet roll.  the egg makes a maraca shake.  lungs sigh at the three hundred foot drop.  

Chapter: 664

the unmoored flora becomes a lesson.  blood drips languorously onto the tomato.  

splinters slip into the well's darkness.  music plays in the pipes.  

the house is suspended in sky.  counts jump into the thousands.  a body mindlessly pushes against the restraint.  the instinct erodes in crossbreeding.  a processor offloads the graphical.  the lashes close over glass.  sounds emblematize the contours of distance.  

Chapter: 665

overcast skies mute the darkening.  the birds bind tail to beak.  an egg sac falls off the trunk.  dandruff powders the screen.  snores muffle through the blanket.  a nosegay spills from the wineglass.  

Chapter: 666

they read the heat of exposed skin.  mist forms in the first stages of sipping.  the thirteen were reduced by one.  the colon has more to give.  

the muffler shivers close to a stone.  the blue towers appear overnight.  the drum and bass walk forward together.  the front light raises a feeble warning.  sheddings line the dry walls.  the face admits no mistake.  its variations blend into the whole.  

toenails whisk against the tiles.  a speaker invokes the injustice of names.  a bough threatens the road.  

Chapter: 667

the apogee was over-referenced.  dual antennae curl above the surface.  sugar forms a dune in the bowl.  a hall extends into the unknown.  the distribution mechanism introduces error.  the White King is covered in ashes.  the popping closes on equilibrium.  a slap snuffs out the brief life.  

Chapter: 668

the sentences occur in nature.  this fog boils up the sun's new channels.  

a spoon makes the final difference.  the humidity seeks entropy.  

the lily pads endure a bumpy ride.  the atmosphere tenses with moisture.  gums bleed into the peel.  nothing is as still as the winter twilight.  thermostats know what the skin does not.  

an article appears in the journal for the scientific study of religion.  an empty cocoon delivers its energy to the soil.  the runner's feet barely register.  "down, down, down" sounds from the rear mics.  suds cake above the water line.  the sentences fit exactly inside the margins.  the off button is zero.  

Chapter: 669

the sunset was painted by a girl.  the scab continues to reconstruct itself.  the oranges wear clove buttons.  the letters dwindle.  fault-lines appear in the floorboards.  the bristle scours a divot.  swampweed lies in wet, greasy clusters against the rocks.  a plectrum fits between the strings.  a bubble breaks the line of sight.  the exposed skulls form a peninsula.  the grain bloats in dirty water.  

Chapter: 670

heat browns the contact points.  simplicity drives the emergent.  the soppy odor of rotting leaves lingers.  clothesline in the shape of a cross.  it rains in the house.  the gray deerfly seeks to bleed it.  a marker ignore the changing texture.  the coal and flame reach color equilibrium.  the possibilities form a small infinity.  the crow announces its descent.  

Chapter: 671

Northend wrote the model farmhouse.  clutter intensifies against the vertical surface.  the water dribbles from step to step.  aches require the complete revolution.  bathwater gives way to the deeper lake.  the bar angles up for curls.  a lip slides off the filmy teeth.  the blocked ad count rises.  fog traces the volumes of sunbeam.  

the paddles weave boatside eddies.  The lacquer mixes with oil.  detritus suppresses the memory.  waste flows warmly through the tubes.  points angle in to teardrop the cone.  

Chapter: 672

stitching peels away at the cuff.  the sky turns to textured flatness.  walls follow the roof's descent.  the cut is considered a Caesar.  the screen pulses at maximum charge.  stars fall from the plastic sky.  its only motion is the slow grind of its massive jaws.  the fish falls back tail first.  the cat extends a couch's arm.  the muscle turns gelatinous.  

each thing strives to adhere to the inherited programs.  

Chapter: 673

a nugget's memory remains in the throat.  gloves pass the paint.  

the matron leans its lampshade head.  a painter paints the painted money.  a trunk tosses the leaves in parabolas.  the white bird shit turns to chalky dust.  the font resists quick absorptions.  the map's legend is one to one.  a yellow shirt protects the laptop.  fur clashes with the rug.  acceleration eradicates the pace.  the fingers touch a palm for a point.  the insects eat their own.  clear mucus dribbles through the moustache.  textures mask the instrument of origin.  

Chapter: 674

new air cuts into the cool.  the accumulation of listeners stifles freedom.  a fog bank bisects the known.  between middle and ring, the pen is useless.  the fly performs stunts for a flower's smile.  a swallow brings tears to the eyes.  canoes spin in the wind.  the singing identifies longing.  the various steams are indistinguishable.  

Chapter: 675

dust limns the sun-drenched basin.  the flat, black phone balances on toilet paper.  patterns recall the dust impression of gravel.  the mine is full of bits.  a monitor makes the image massive.  the fireflies beat as one.  hitches rust off the back of a Jeep.  the cap blows off a kettle.  dust divots the smooth stone.  

Chapter: 676

a stone shoots out from under the wheel.  the virtual page makes infinity look possible.  the "scuttlebutt" engine watches "Cosmos".  paint flakes off the towel rod.  the new concoction is constrained by its beaker.  the sensors screech in alarm.  

Chapter: 677

an "i" becomes the "e".  light angles into the brain's anteroom.  the sheep shelter with apposite affection.  this meaning is when the mind says "ah".  age flattens the fruit's rump.  makeup turns the eye into a shiver.  breath becomes the central object.  

Chapter: 678

the glass is full of sizzling vitamins.  stroked lashes petal the eye.  the dial is stuck at rain.  whites now blossom among the yellows above green stalks.  

Chapter: 679

oils congeal in the tear duct.  the faces vanish from clouds.  an ache towards the extremities demands attention.  wires truss the cotton.  a mother deflects the brunt of an attack.  the glass is etched with water plants.  brushstrokes fray for the distance.  music arrests at the curtain's descent.  the gray fingernails hint at blue.  talking ruins the mood.  

the lid's ridges groove a hand.  the cherries reflect an incomprehensible room.  glue blemishes the chrome.  

Chapter: 680

the faucets grab at phantoms.  a glass toasts the empty air.  the stick does not find water.  the video requires more energy.  fresh eggs protrude from the wasp's nest.  a string strains through the binding.  a spider hooks its leg through the wire square.  the timer clacks down to supper.  the there is not there in a continuum.  an orange tab flicks the blade out.  

Chapter: 681

the Debbies marry their Marks.  pain is the threshold.  instinctively, they trace back to the pulse's origin.  springs live inside the hinge's brackets.  odor concentrates in the pit.  the second child makes its own mistakes.  currents pull the ashes up.  narrow platforms stretch belows the sills.  shaking fingers clutch the firm porcelain.  

Chapter: 682

each sentence partakes of the aboutness.  sounds gently remind of the unread.  practice makes the soul imperfect.  teeth drop on the dead grass.  the static faun is made to stare.  the tips sussurate in descending photon baths.  the sun shines on nothing new.  the bit encodes a strict dichotomy.  the heron retracts her wings into quick pose.  a plastic milk crate props the door.  grasshoppers lend ambience to the heat.  tree-frogs herald the emerging twilight.  

Chapter: 683

at scale, the soft tissue takes ages to mend.  the wounded bud curls into a fist.  gold effects surround the button.  wintergreen odor permeates the vapor.  

the conceptual hates virtuosity.  a pen writes towards the coil.  the celebrity instantiates identity porn.  a flattened fly appears at the foot of moroccan oil.  fins purr through the miles.  a chimney abstracts in the screen's tiny boxes.  oils sizzle above the gas flame.  full caps declare the ownership.  

the words make sounds inside.  the back legs splay into a sitting posture.  a hand brushes the gooey fibers from its face.  the sun flowers on a branch-tip.  a cone is carved from the time not passed.  

Chapter: 684

a dog polishes the air.  the point bounces off bone.  ambitions leap from the onrushing words.  gold peeks through the chips.  

the grid of windows crackles with sloppy paint.  the screen flashes words faster than can be spoken.  an isosceles hinge is mirrored on the door.  the roots twist in and out of the earth.  the attention leaves no scent.  the phallus wags in fading oil.  low sun illuminates the sofa-scape.  the tomato worm is a unicorn.  inside every figure is the skin of another.   a cat finds solace in the plastic.  frosty globes delay the emmissions.  

Chapter: 685

an emery board files a curve in the plaster heart.  its angle was obtuse.  the grasshopper foils a camera.  coils snap near the nut.  wast piles deep in the holes.  a green one and the black one still share a name.  the refuge becomes an act.  a shirt sticks in the gooey secretions.  gelatin quickly dissolves in the mucus membrane.  nasal speech drones through the woodwork.  

Chapter: 686

the knob is tender to touch.  the espresso anger subsides.  the city absorbs a suburb.  the dove comes out liquid.  the reading is subject to physics.  a thumb passes over the closed lid.  a timer to the left takes all a right timer's seconds.  the belt separates between rungs.  the spine crunches between jaws.  

Chapter: 687

rain eats away at the snow drifts.  where the wall begins is buried.  the general becomes specific.  the grass blade embodies finite qualities.  a trunk bends to balance the slope.  the booted figure skips on ice.  the screech breaks into staccato.  

Chapter: 688

the face collapses in a lossless mirror.  tree limbs dance around the dead zone.  honey drips from the laden comb.  claws click on the treated wood.  roots reach into the loam.  the moisture was its armor.  the muscles quiver through ten more.  a massive head sways over the fragile body.  

Chapter: 689

caulking boils through the gap.  the dangling teardrop was its lower body.  the swallow darts.  garbage bags swallow the packing peanuts.  humidity condenses on the grass tip.  angels wait for the ecstasy.  yellow flowers sway against the heavy red.  the line of a muscle protrudes against its neighbor.  words float to the tablet's surface.  

the pen works by flashlight.  stained foam buoys the raft.  heat takes refuge in the attic.  

Chapter: 690

distance defined by the light fields.  the facilities atrophy in solitude.  the tall grass is its habitat.  the faucet jerks and spits.  

a long field manifests the physics of illusion.  the black phone sports gray buttons.  the dimes slip into a pocket.  

the forelegs embrace thick grass.  the lime and raspberry blur identities.  noses hover over the blueprint.  their mouths blow the latin insignia.  the itch finds no locus.  

Chapter: 691

dried grounds stick in the oil.  an internal combustion engine shuts down in the glide.  the oils repel light.  paint dust collects on the periphery.  the snap of a breadstick reminds of bones.  a yogurt dollop bleeds into the quinoa.  the endings exude faint bitterness.  the lawn's hair grows wilder.  

Chapter: 692

the thin boundaries necessitate thin writing.  mucus bunches the tissue.  coffee precedes the meal.  

the child's voice warbles through a metal door.  a scab peels off the pen tip.  the fish stands under a halo.  the muscles reknit in sleep.  the clover flower is visited.  writing written by the nerve.  

the mark ends in a "c".  the air slows before its flight.  a breath takes in the pulverized concrete.  

Chapter: 693

a network's power flows through the meter.  the claws tear into carpet clots.  the whitman is read at breakneck speed.  night arrives without the darkness.  the line is composed of distinct points.  

Chapter: 694

the moment is devoid of speaking.  a player sucks on the energy pack.  the puke is solid.  the code eludes its theory.  this represents the rule rather than an exception.  

anything happens that adhere to the rules.  the inner workings are exposed.  

Chapter: 695

the morning glare appears at every aperture.  the crook of a toe knuckle highlights two calloused knots.  the moth has escaped.  the skin bulges with damaged fat.  the there is now there.  on a sunny incline, the buds have burst.  the eggs spray around it as it dies.  the declarations come in groups of three.  the still barge squats in a flowing world.  the masturbator knows itself.  collards cling to the plunger's rod.  palms sweat on the black shoe.  the spat pill has already eroded.  

the smoke divides in wisps of yellow, gray and blue.  in thought, grass degrades to the infinitesimal.  bubbles take on silver in the translucence.  the scab tucks under a fingernail.  

Chapter: 696

its career spans from the dew burn to flower death.  ashes rise to stain the nostrils.  bark shows through the threading.  noxious opacities plume from the recycling plant.  the dishes have reached their twilight.  mucus membrane tingle at the spice.  paint obscures the reset.  knuckles knead the temples.  the mass of scribblings forms a rocky shore.  the system waits for new particulars.  the steam issues from peppermint exfoliant.  dust burns in the heat vents.  the bubble pops around his paper lips.  

the generation makes no masterpiece.  the keyboard ceases to communicate.  

side-views create the mental image.  the body dies to become fertile.  the Angelou is Greek.  the frames swell in moist weather.  the shadow pierces obsolete maps.  the helpless cells prove resilient.  a bald mountain stitches to the sky.  

Chapter: 697

isolated drops patrol the outskirts.  face emerge through the canopy.  chicks incline toward the heatlamp.  the music plays inside a barn.  the tree gilds in an instant.  silver is missing from the window lock.  

Chapter: 698

the sun's yoke dots its top.  robins dwarf the sparrow.  the heat seeks equilibrium.  the plumbing pressure is released.  a shy tongue parts the lips.  competition slows the current.  the knot squeals as it tightens.  the wind perpetually scatters them to new arrangement.  the dog gets posed with guitar.  a great heron hunts, motionless in the reeds.  the label boasts "Eco-Air Bottle".  the set comprises a tetralogy.  the bus flatlines in reverse.  

Chapter: 699

trees sprout from the clay of a tennis court.  it leaves the sugar for ants.  firs dies from the inside out.  a knob modulates the wipers.  finger oils crust the edges of keys.  the battery threat level is orange.  

Chapter: 700

the lost branch leaves a puckered sore.  the six knocks equal six messages.  the Journal of Attention might lie on a table.  the vine uses a trunk to ascend.  the squashed parts bespeak former identity.  

Chapter: 701

rice floats in the patty.  letters turn feeble in the landscaped page.  the mystery proves chance encounters between water and rock.  the meeting antlers form a heart.  the "a" capitalizes without input.  

the color spreads in slow spirals through water.  an apple accelerates into the sky.  a tick's life passes in the septic tank.  threads fray off the binding.  

twelve heads bow at the table.  the gaze unfurls unflinching loneliness.  the stars stand still in a deep green bowl.  coffee stains dribble down the snow-laden perennials.  

Chapter: 702

the contracts are terminated.  the one forty four ends after one forty four.  memories die in the same anguish.  the watched pot boils.  tools stick to the magnet.  the sign points north to Lebanon.  a fossil outlines the endoframe.  a faucet drips on the evolutionary metaphor.  ridges flash off the island's coast.  as eyelids falter, the head lurches forward.  rancor fills the throne room.  

Chapter: 703

"VISIO" is lit beneath the glow.  wooden leaves achieve symmetry around the glass.  a fat ball pulls at the surrounding skin.  follicles perk to the cold.  

the witness caught a stray.  the bowels unclog with a burst.  the thumb releases final control.  squirrels scream over the fungus.  the hands leave obscuring prints.  pre-programming determines the movement.  

Chapter: 704

the fragile fly shaped like a wedge.  a face approaches the jelly underbelly.  the red nostrils swell.  dismemberment creates the bow.  the nostrils pass through mothball drafts.  the city shimmers from across a river.  a dog's lick adds to the intestinal bacteria storehouse.  

the sobbing mouth forms a cold sentence.  the flavor dulls with repetition.  an inchworm dangles in the foreground.  a pet disappears behind the chewed flowers.  the spine snaps releasing pages.  the stalk is smooth, slender, branching and erect.  a plastic spear maintains the names of the flowers.  the whole is scribbled with particulars.  goldenrod parabolizes in the wind.  gentle waves tug the tops off hills.  

Chapter: 705

a single bubble bulges from the nipple.  rainbows in the respirating silk.  a spidery hand pencils in the margin.  maintain verticality to keep the wick moist.  slathered paint dries on the fixtures.  a streetlamp passes as the sunset.  sunlight prepares water for the air.  a trunk descends to the shade.  

Chapter: 706

the lightning instantiates.  the birdhouse is stuffed with sticks.  thrushes mourn the loss of American masculinity.  the peels could be its tonsure.  the pram dangles pastel fish.  the glint signifies plastic at 100 meters.  water goes opaque underneath the cloud.  the Sarahs have spindly arms.  

Chapter: 707

a glow draws the attention.  a black Golf parks by the newsstand.  the letter holds between two fingers and a thumb.  the new pathways emerge.  slowly the water turns to steam.  

time slows the lights.  

silence foregrounds the blood.  

the innocent face is deemed lovely.  children all nestle in the glare shield.  petals wink in the distance.  low clouds surf the wind tunnels east.  the circumscribing creates identity.  color billows from the boiling bags.  the stabbed fruit bleeds into clouds.  a boat gently disturbs the glass.  

Chapter: 708

the new shoot relegates auteur to pamphleteer.  the teeth probe for a seed.  a pen points the way to urgent care.  the shoulders quiver with fatigue.  the toilet appears to be leaking.  the hyphen reifies disjunction.  the virtual adds extra dimensions.  the elastic fails.  it exhales the fog.  

Chapter: 709

the mosquito arrives on a hairless patch.  the omelet slides off clean.  the repetitions tap fundamental boredom.  

of the thousands, only one survives.  

the skin is free of humidity.  

telephones spell the end of daydream.  the dissipated thok reaches instants after contact.  every particle of the land was woven with ownership.  a frog is bent to fit the buddha mold.  

Chapter: 710

light shining along its edge, raises the irises.  sound precedes the turning of a head.  the arrowhead transforms into a fly.  the nail's blunted tip touches a tissue.  the escaped cow falls in a hole.  the arm recoils under threat of heat.  the lightning rod goes to ground.  the bodies dissolve away in sheets.  darker darkness moves against the dark.  the photos lack depth.  hope remains in the cherry coals.  

Chapter: 711

within the system lies its own destruction.  pinecones molt in the sudsy wash.  the disc spins when consulted.  the shock of its falling pumps adrenaline.  the phone rings.  the lamp droops towards a pillow.  atmosphere roils about the lines.  the sylvia is romance.  the attitude reflects everything wrong.  black spots grow from the center.  butterflies return to the arm's warmth.  a trio disperses after the momentary dance.  white metal spirals bend under the crush.  

stretching plays with the edges of discomfort.  one root exposes itself to dry.  the holosteric barometer points to vain.  the term becomes transparent.  desperation plunders the old job.  fog delineates the depth.  a mug rests against the thigh.  

Chapter: 712

footsteps crackle in the leaf fall.  the "E" balances on its bottom left corner.  

misses scratch the paint.  triangulated screws hold the hinge plate in place.  air shudders from the vent.  the tag poke under a chin.  the tick crawls across state lines.  doors fly open with the smallest pressure.  

Chapter: 713

the anger gives way to sobbing.  the caterpillars laze from invisible wire.  the viri wait for an opening.  

the door flies open under pressure.  pen marks contaminate the page.  

a spider makes the elbow a foundation.  the old man speaks portuguese.  something tore apart the cherry tree.  scarlet vector lines curve through the space.  the path winds through a rocky hillside.  

Chapter: 714

seeds cling to the orange fiber.  a crust forms mountains around the plains of cheese.  the river rises to touch blanched rocks.  

the nail skips off a scab.  the boy walks barefoot on asphalt.  the clouds linger in rough shapes.  walls reflect the sobbing.  

a splice spurts blood from the tomato.  the skin rubs skin.  latches mutter in the car's trundle.  chanting competes with the plumbing.  the claws claw pale streaks in dark cabinets.  the vortex stirs itself.  ants crawl the boat chain.  the cuckoo is on a spring.  

rubbish flies seek to survive the cold.  a hand pumps fluid from the muscle.  population drives the plastic.  the line is formed one crane per pillar.  robins abandon blue eggs in the windowsill.  a voice stutters on the fan blades.  

Chapter: 715

the light bounces diffuse.  flame flows over both sides of the twig.  

the thick wire hook retains its crooks.  

each author has a different weight in the form.  the tendon protrudes for an instant.  the new era is decay.tassels balance from the amp.  from a distance the pills appear in a grid.  content drifts far from the binding theory.  

Chapter: 716

the new moon mourns all colors.  glare from a slick black surfaces explodes the retina.  the portraits do not age.  the "A" floats in a soap bubble.  the cold grass' colors are warm.  the restlessness is knowledge of future loss.  the window vibrates faintly.  the eyes rest on a bony shelf.  the heavy air teases.  the eggs were delivered.  

the colony functions fluidly without leadership.  wells tap the precipitation.  

Chapter: 717

rain erodes the roof's resolve.  mica imitates moisture in the sun.  a hind leg reaches under the chin.  the thin iron is strung tightly.  the parts break from a whole.  the sob comes blurting out.  the mechanics were a spoiler.  pages stick in the humidity.  

Chapter: 718

the source is masked by reverberations.  the colors blanch at noon.  lacquer explores the grooves.  the cries locate it at several removes.  

Chapter: 719

the coffee works its magic.  no meaning remains more important than the process.  the pain message takes too long to loop.  a dog polishes the air with spray.  migrants regroup in the branches.  

each adds to the count.  the vine is cut off from its origin.  light burns on the black letters.  the shuffling makes a splatter.  a newspaper rescues the trapped moth.  the slipcover resists magnets.  the muscles ache to lift a glass.  

Chapter: 720

thoughts gyrate like gnat clouds around the still point.  a spatula wounds the pea pod.  sunlight coronas the edge of raining.  it cooks until the fries are tender.  the times pass.  the complexity is illusory.  the slimmer slices fry faster.  an impression is carried in pulses of the optical nerve.  

Chapter: 721

movement slows the relative time.  the tract conspires to stimulate its portal.  the heel swivels into a carpet.  

the lone birch stands among strangers.  lock names are inscribed on the key.  hands glide slowly around the numbered pool.  clothes never find the drawers.  the fragile frames swim on precarious hinges.  moisture sets jewels in the flowerbed.  one clap sparks the cascade.  the practice falsifies theory.  the clouds bring cadenza.  the box cover is named Xerox.  

Chapter: 722

gulls swarm the decaying stack.  pills correct the sight.  the feather rests in Dundee Orange Marmalade.  plumbing exertions rack the house.  only one of the feathers is a pen.  nostrils prove the nearby currents.  suction removes the potential of dust-cloud.  a hand opens for the almighty coffee cup.  the activities are high-intensity.  the mind is a moment of brain.  the aphids reflect an artificial red.  the touch slides to unlock.  impurities oxidize on the coil's skin.  

the animals choose afternoon.  soaked pages fan over the railing to dry.  blue tape holds foil to the wall.  the pus congeals into larva.  

Chapter: 723

the breeze moves in discrete phases.  the mod resolves to a hex.  

jack-ins disrupt the flow.  a hand gestures to find the right word.  the burble thickens as it licks.  pipes break up the line's breath.  the phone learns "okposo".  the water glistens on a small set of granite pebbles.  hard floors worry the joints.  

Chapter: 724

precipitation does not unfurl the dead leaf.  the fluted porcelain supports a bird bath.  dirt collects in the socket.  parallel chimneys obey the same laws.  these particular functions are not generalizable.  the controller calls itself "Oxygen".  logs make permanent folds in the water's sheet.  

Chapter: 725

the tab is on its rightmost setting.  the same word written at multiple angles.  the hiss echoes to a smear.  

tiny sprinklers stipple the vegetable rack.  dust crunches under the ceramic.  the tubes prevent speaking.  pots confine the organic waste.  the voice coyly calls for brutes.  sensation shoots down the urethra.  

Chapter: 726

brown needles collect in the dune's dimple.  rust skins the trailer hook.  this screen shows the mean of daily balances. bunions feed off the chafe.  

the black is a lie of contrast.  until the flesh is gone, scavengers swarm.  the cross is stripped of icons.  rust corrupts the head.  the roof angles for a gable.  a white head turns to rest against the forearms.  the blades complain against heavy brush.  high currents drop down from the north.  

the margins pressure full justification.  the corn hair dries to gray.  light's triangle turns to squares on the floor.  rough fingers fondle the balls of cotton.  the comet trails in a bathtub drain.  the distinction blurs between rind and meat.  privilege becomes the style.  the word misses its last letters.  the foot proves least threatening.  

Chapter: 727

shadows groove the haunted face.  the perfect scream falls on no ears.  the plate has a blue side and a red side.  the vapor de-illuminates.  the earring scar persists.  the appointment doesn't specify which "Joe".  a river breaks through the sphincter's grip.  the corners chip around unchanging alloys.  

a surface plot of feces protrudes from the thumb's tip.  

Chapter: 728

anger fuels the hammer.  the instrumental mind tunes through driven practice.  a broken tip drenches the collapsed flowers.  green baize pads the slopes.  

a misclick turns back the clock.  a matron, hands on hips, becomes the lamp.  bent over street furniture, the dominoes begin.  the sentence comes between beginning and a stop.  one hand drives the finger meditations.  

the body whimpers into embrace.  the financial records are further subdivided.  loose thread tickles the calf.  the ash torques in hurricane swirls.  the sax has no holes.  

Chapter: 729

the path across is flooded.  the sneeze ends necessity.  passing infuses the table with nostalgia.  the engines approximate their analogue process.  

Chapter: 730

a smaller aperture compacts the flow.  assignation to a higher power drains the magic.  

a hair tips into the turkish mud.  the napkin catches nasal effluvium.  the ink-soaked eyelash adheres.  the simple oval articulates.  it turns the wings into sails.  the jaw sinks back into a head.  the practice is non-negotiable.  the splatter pattern is orderly.  a polyp comes out in the wash.  

Chapter: 731

the placenta begins to detach.  groin tendons push on the genitals.  wind whistles in the faults.  the toxicity is measured in parts per billion.  the energy coalesces in a blaze of fury.  

the waves embody ambient etching.  a face emerges from the abstractions.  claw-prints slash the white dust.  The green foot of the chair rests on its shadow.  the orchestration thickens with age.  the telephone disrupts attention.  rain parallels the ground.  the private data proves easy to acquire.  

Chapter: 732

lemon prevents the bites.  the five panels come with four folds.  habanero makes its way into the eye.  cauliflower disintegrates between the molars.  the bark tightens its curl.  the attention makes no footprints.  the shadows come big.  

Chapter: 733

tops reach up towards the void.  one day makes up for the last.  place is lost with the bookmark's descent.  RAM reorganizes to sharpen the image.  the last name implies that shirts have locks.  threats pass to the east.  

Chapter: 734

tendrils stick to the nostril's ceiling.  a coop goes on the flat of a roof.  dirt smudges on the cream paint.  the lids meet at a quivering line.  the middle finger snags a doorknob.  the plum passes as real.  

Chapter: 735

midges expire in the grease.  the distance is measured in time.  teeth grip the tongue.  the clothes were silk and dyed cotton.  gold radiates beneath the shade.  an inlet carries the soggy odor of new growth.  a staple goes right through the prescription.  the smoke spreads itself thin.  washing removes the ants.  how it will be sinks into the awareness.  

Chapter: 736

the grasshopper sleeps in its undiscovery.  sweet chemical apple swirls in the mouth.  the leaves and stalk occlude to form complex light depths.  close to a million of the triangles resolve to a human arm.  dust sticks to the hospital socks.  a black fly tickles the whisker.  the electric meters bulge like robotic breasts.  fuzz of an old napkin drifts into the flour.  the rustling reaches crescendo.  low clouds move against the grain.  the avocado's belly is rock hard.  the meal is permeated with soft-tissue smacking.  

Chapter: 737

the missive is called an epistle.  the hand and heart conjoin in an emoji.  the ulcer beds in soft tongue tissue.  

drumsticks pummel the skins.  the curtain strings run on a sloppy curve.  cat-water soils the notebook.  a wink proves the most urgent.  the book leaves a slick patch of sweat.  

Chapter: 738

impact shudders up to the hip.  the body relaxes in stages of awareness.  oil gently undulates in the sediment.  the thread appears between these pages.  past cloud cover, the sunlight slashes a distant bridge.  pants disintegrate at the buttons.  

glycerine explosions stain the pants.  the chrome letters read "Xterra".  

Chapter: 739

the slope of sharp pain is steep.  the distinctions become absolute over short distances.  a ship graces the clock print.  The tendency of wicker is to straighten.  brilliance evaporates under the cloud.  rain starts from the right.  a video intensifies the heat.  ferns transpose the wind to rocks.  indecipherable calls shake the branch.  the odor's source is an armpit.  one sandal plunges heel first into the wet sand.  the scab covers a tip of bone.  

no one can find words for the pattern.  

Chapter: 740

blue screens break the natural glow.  a red-headed pin marks the departure.  

the cracks will go from red to gray to black.  crisp edges split the rock.  the scab outlines its usefulness.  the right triangle covers garbage.  

Chapter: 741

the seconds tick back and forth.  the cap loosens when depressed.  

the edges don't quite connect.  the iris bed darkens against broken glass.  a sigh carries through the doorway.  

tree-pronged tracks lead to the refuse.  a dog picks at the rawhide.  a tractor arm levels the infantry.  the lozenge pack is fully punctured.  

a heart leaps at the sight of blood.  

Chapter: 742

chatter circumscribes the silence.  grain odor swells around the saucepan.  purple petals pride in the cold air.  one shriveled specimen simulates the hummingbird.  the village ends at a desert of parking lots.  the innards are pure oxygen.  the audience nods in unison.  the bisected banana seals itself.  

Chapter: 743

one broken bench suspended over the roadway.  the cooling brings out bitterness.  porcelain pulls from the wall.  the sound blurs into generic violence.  the "home sweet home" is scrawled in chalk.  seven goes into the number endlessly.  the battered snake is made of suds.  the odometers tune to their Eddington numbers.  branches shred the descending sun.  dendrites release the message.  

Chapter: 744

moisture leaks into the undergarments.  the boughs bow.  coffee absorbs into the white cloth.  the light converts to impulse.  grounds generate the fruit fly flock.  the shapes suggest meaninglessness.  lagoons of light brown lie in the thin yellow liquid.  heat evacuates the kettle's mouth.  drying mail browns under the eastern sky.  the humidity catalyzes integrity.  

Chapter: 745

the laborer strains through clenched teeth.  

the left front is set to "Hi".  a compiler grazes in the grammar.  the next moment steps right up.  skin peels to reveal the circuitry.  a mothball rolls onto the mattress button.  the flavor has no average.  aphids mild the grass head comb.  the needles slip between the sole and sole.  moans saw through the house.  its muzzle eyes you across the field.  

Chapter: 746

the screw bores to its limit.  each eye covers half the threat.  the donut lies under an ass.  some Susan provided the flower's name.  the boiler breathes in new liquid.  lungs expel the water.  

the dog goes in, a dog comes out.  paint splatters on the asphalt.  

cut grass lightens before the rooted.  a thick branch segment breaks through the canopy.  

Chapter: 747

the dragon trusts her to ride.  the clay bird house has a glazed hook.  caterpillars liquify in the filament cloud.  these things sleep longer than the others.  two fit in the sleeping bag.  not all the members can speak with drums.  a travel lid leans from the wastebin.  the footsteps  deepen with difference.  scarlet fades with the gasp.  the gut creates an overhang.  mold gains foothold on the ceramics.  sparkling hilltops are miles in the dark.  

Chapter: 748

the atmosphere comports to squeeze.  fog confounds the river.  random traffic provides the score.  the queues distribute weight unevenly.  the coffee smells of cardamom.  Clorox waits on the end table.  

the seed bounces off a forearm.  wood fires spice the landscape.  mist from behind shows through the Jesus.  crosscurrents play in the interior.  a layer of fine hair glazes the mole.  floorboards shift with the girth.  

Chapter: 749

the clear burns white around a yoke.  this instance of autumn is the current.  

a path leads down to the churches.  convex mirrors smear the approaching cars.  the nail's location reveals forgotten purpose.  a toenail snags on the wrinkle.  mumbles mix with the hinge creaks.  four points define the ellipse.  the notebook batters back an attack.  tattoos ripple with the muscle.  the sign reads "silence helps healing".  the paint transfers from finger to glaze.  

Chapter: 750

the watched pot overboils.  discolor marks the absent chimney.  a projection clears the space.  a face appears in the flame's hollow.  

ears part for the hand's passage.  the anxiety is contagious.  rubber swats the exoskeleton.  oils harden to plug the follicle.  the cargo spheres cluster like oversized gulls.  the jet's stylus scrawls on deep blue.  

glazed orbs swivel towards the vapor plume.  its shell defines the limits of breath.  the collection of instants is insufficient.  gel lubricates the skin.  the severed heads are a pretension of the living.  white fur encircles the pink pad.  

Chapter: 751

the abstraction has no name.  

the grasshopper sing in camouflage.  the hose blanches bent grass.  a tap of ballpeen swells out into the woods.  the tears smell of sour pickle.  ink releases when the shadow meets its caster.  the taut cords thrum.  the tongue extends its snout.  lights zero out on the far shore.  a butterfly takes its place in the pattern.  

Chapter: 752

cold flies struggle to execute the program.  the sky whips like a flag.  the western houses wedge betweeen road and shore.  bubbles glaze the submerged hair.  a customer reward card falls from the pages of a book.  bowels vacate through the provided hole.  the rock's terrain is a microcosm.  

the fingertips smell of wet strawberry.  an arm pulls machinery from a pocket.  saliva jets from the gland.  the cattail is a comb.  the tongue stabs at a morsel.  the big toe caresses its neighbor.  the brown water billows.  red knobs line the black face.  

Chapter: 753

the floorboards undulate to a sub-woofer.  

the decision between fruit is made by hand.  so diffuse now, it lathers over the lawn rocks.  a broken seal voids the warranty.  the neurotransmitters slowly replenish.  mist issues from the mouth.  the bearer walks in shade.  fluoxetine clouds the spoon's pool.  fish feast on the skittering hydroplane.  discontent fuels the promise of progress.  

Chapter: 754

the dial lands on a proverb.  the chain links are made of smoke.  birds chirr in the grape leaves.  each patch is its own affinity in the whole.  one lone bulb rises between the shadows.  the challenger appears in red and gold.  the vellum medium rolls into a scroll.  

Chapter: 755

food arrives to shatter the moment.  the capillaries resound in a tree's macro smile.  lemon yellow suffuse the plastic.  brass bolts fix the leather.  grass grows over the stone foundation.  the surfaces give up their stems.  the chair's anatomy elicits anthropomorphism.  closeups show the domination of mud.  

the eyes dart to resolve all discrepancies.  

rust overcomes the axle.  the juice reduction is imperceptible.  

Chapter: 756

the higher angle leads to greater uniformity.  the notation kills mathmatics.  the tatters of a plastic bag are used to tie.  currents tug sand into the energy trough.  speed masks the thermodynamic constraints.  

Chapter: 757

footsteps fall firmly throughout the shed.  evening sun yellows the shutters.  darker the shirt, the warmer it gets.  clawed feet skitter through the fern bed.  the family forms one thinking being.  the surface betrays its heaviness.  the state of the world is a light cone.  

Chapter: 758

2 splashes meld into the one ring.  the closed app recalls its state.  the notes form a quote.  the sitrep is the locals will move to separate houses.  the cut appears only to touch.  the plug fits into a different whole.  the sunset serves as wallpaper.  

Chapter: 759

the eyebrow bends away.  a crackle of amplified vinyl finds analogue in the bowels.  the porcelain rim is scratched and pitted.  the hard rim blocks circulation.  skin shows through the fraying cotton.  

the sword rings from its sheath.  a feather loses the thread.  the bloodsuckers demand attention.  

waste flushes from the system.  each record contains the time stamp.  one's quality derives from the scene.  the webs roll into one ragged rope.  

the legs unscrew to erase its current function.  screens keep the big bugs away.  the transmission is finally automatic.  a note was left for the transcription.  the red notebook accompanies years.  

Chapter: 760

the heel covers a latch.  the drugs induce nausea.  hangers queue on the shower rod.  the chest does not rise again.  the yeasty root rises above brown earth.  mud bakes in the tread's space.  a tower is built from the perception of a single stone.  2 feathered blades jut from the wasp.  the pane pops out as it bangs.  

Chapter: 761

burns smear the skin.  cataracted eyes gaze dully from the wig.  gingerly it pads into the shade.  the retriever is embroidered.  the photo freezes its spirit.  a fingernail divides the threads.  

urine arcs onto dry needles.  the dog understands "down" as optional.  the "m" has three humps.  

Chapter: 762

breath sucks the bob up a tube.  snow packs in the tread's grooves.  mowers derail the field's ecology.  hints of goldenrod above the brown haze.  the candidate loses on labor.  fat-leafed vines obscure the fence.  ripples retard the images' proliferation.  the star expulsion stops at iron.  thin layers preserve the feel of its grain.  silt collects on the sieve's crosshatch.  odor and sting emanate from the pressed cotton.  "sexual relations" was used in the casual conversation.  the line weighs its significance against gravity.  

Chapter: 763

one cube jets a frozen finger slantwise.  rust stains the window frame.  the words ferment in neglected piles.  

snow bursts in clouds around the shooting train.  on its way the beetle stops on a book.  

exercise brings juices to the surface.  the nails and carcasses adorn yon baseboard.  

a filament shivers in the cool morning breeze.  

Chapter: 764

the trick is learned.  the pin strikes a thimble's pock.  a hand flicks proteins into the wind.  clippings embed in the soap bar.  the watery truth is meaningless.  

Chapter: 765

no cell is wasted in the evacuation.  discontent forms the springboard to movement.  the broadcast hits all comers.  the strand of vapor disappears through a rusting screen.  the nothing is able to be itself better now.  the "a" is a fish.  the sight limit take a parabolic nosedive.  

Chapter: 766

hooks and latches hold the window open and closed.  posts entwine the lives with their projection.  ripples break in the shallows.  in the 600 sentences are buried 2500 words.  the blemishes pop out like stars.  the spider program adjusts its variables to an emergent porch.  

Chapter: 767

a toddler is drawn to the toxic juice.  the web is made of neurons.  dogs adorn the birthday cards.  this one fulfills the sixty.  the two three two three makes ten.  lemon fades on the old bottle.  

Chapter: 768

5 seconds to the mile.  coffee odor mixes with the methane.  the fireflies seek stardom.  algae glazes the cinderblock.  puddles form on the saturated earth.  heat slowly lifts moisture from the bowl.  the odor bleeds through to a pillow.  the assault of information forces an anxious retreat.  

the tail shadows its hop.  

Chapter: 769

a new regimen charges the relationship to calendars.  

oils bubble on the skin.  its crystals sparkle between the moss cover.  each new instance is the sole version.  

cold supplies relief to the sounds of dripping.  the fly rubs legs on a spade-shaped canopy.  the rumors transform to grapes.  